abbrevate            abbreviate
abbriviate           abbreviate
abitrary             arbitrary
aborrt               abort
absense              absence
absolut              absolute
absolutly            absolutely
acccepts             accepts
acccessed            accessed
acccumulate          accumulate
acceot               accept
accepatble           acceptable
acces                access
accesibility         accessibility
accesing             accessing
accessable           accessible
accessbility         accessibility
accessibiliy         accessibility
accesss              access
accidently           accidentally
accomidate           accommodate
accomodate           accommodate
accomodated          accommodated
accossory            accessory
accoun               account
accourding           according
accpet               accept
accroding            according
accross              across
accruately           accurately
accumualte           accumulate
accuracty            accuracy
accurary             accuracy
acess                access
acesss               access
achive               archive
acive                active
acknolwledges        acknowledges
acording             according
acrosst              across
actived              activated
acton                action
actualy              actually
actully              actually
acturally            actually
acture               actual
acutally             actually
adata                data
addapted             adapted
addded               added
addesses             addresses
addesss              address
additonal            additional
addres               address
addresse             address
addressses           addresses
addtional            additional
aditional            additional
adjactent            adjacent
adjcent              adjacent
admininstrator       administrator
adn                  and
adpater              adapter
adresse              address
adressed             addressed
adressig             addressing
adressing            addressing
adrress              address
advertisment         advertisement
adviseable           advisable
aera                 area
afetr                after
agains               against
againt               against
aggrivation          aggravation
agrain               again
agregated            aggregated
agressively          aggressively
algoirithm           algorithm
alibration           calibration
aligment             alignment
alignement           alignment
alignmask            align
alinment             alignment
allign               align
alligned             aligned
alllowed             allowed
allocat              allocate
allocte              allocate
allocted             allocated
alloed               allowed
allways              always
alocate              allocate
alongisde            alongside
alrady               already
alreayd              already
alredy               already
alse                 also
alterative           alternative
alwasy               always
alway                always
ambuguity            ambiguity
amde                 made
amendement           amendment
ammoritize           amortize
ammortize            amortize
ammortizes           amortizes
ammount              amount
amogst               among
amy                  may
analisys             analysis
analye               analyze
analyse              analyze
analysed             analyzed
ancestore            ancestor
ancestores           ancestors
anciliary            ancillary
ancilliary           ancillary
andl                 and
ane                  and
anlogously           analogously
announcment          announcement
annuled              annulled
anonnymous           anonymous
anoter               another
aparently            apparently
appart               apart
appearence           appearance
apperances           appearances
appereance           appearance
appliations          applications
appliction           application
appriately           appropriately
approp               appropriate
appropariate         appropriate
appropiate           appropriate
appropriete          appropriate
approptiately        appropriately
approriate           appropriate
apropriate           appropriate
aproximate           approximate
aquire               acquire
aquired              acquired
aquisition           acquisition
aquisitions          acquisitions
arbitary             arbitrary
arbtirary            arbitrary
architechture        architecture
archivio             repository
areay                array
ared                 are
argment              argument
argments             arguments
argmument            argument
arguements           arguments
arhive               archive
arhives              archives
arithmatic           arithmetic
arrgregation         aggregation
arrondi              rounding
arround              around
arrrays              arrays
artifical            artificial
artificically        artificially
artihmetic           arithmetic
arugemnt             argument
asign                assign
asigned              assigned
aso                  also
asociated            associated
asscociated          associated
assertation          assertion
assication           association
assigment            assignment
assignement          assignment
assingment           assignment
assiociated          associated
associdated          associated
assoicated           associated
assosiated           associated
assotiation          association
asssembler           assembler
asssembly            assembly
asssign              assign
asssociated          associated
assuptions           assumptions
asynchrous           asynchronous
asyncronous          asynchronous
asyncronously        asynchronously
atributes            attributes
att                  add
attched              attached
attetntion           attention
attibutes            attributes
attribtes            attributes
attribude            attribute
attributtes          attributes
atttached            attached
atttributes          attributes
atually              actually
authentcated         authenticated
authorisation        authorization
authorizer           authorize
automatcally         automatically
automaticallly       automatically
auxilary             auxiliary
auxillary            auxiliary
auxilliary           auxiliary
avaiable             available
availabe             available
availablity          availability
availble             available
availiability        availability
availible            available
avalable             available
avaliable            available
backdor              backdoor
bcontinual           continual
beacause             because
beacuse              because
becase               because
becasue              because
beccause             because
becuase              because
becxause             because
beeing               being
beetween             between
beetwen              between
beggining            beginning
begining             beginning
beginnig             beginning
behaviour            behavior
behaviours           behaviors
beling               belong
bene                 been
benificial           beneficial
berween              between
beteeen              between
beter                better
bew                  new
bext                 best
beyong               beyond
binitialized         initialized
blockes              blocks
botify               notify
boundry              boundary
bount                bound
bradcast             broadcast
branche              branches
bresult              result
brightnesss          brightness
broght               brought
bufer                buffer
bufers               buffers
buffereing           buffering
bufferred            buffered
bufferring           buffering
buffring             buffering
builded              built
bulds                builds
burried              buried
buttoni              button
buttton              button
bwtween              between
cace                 cache
cacheing             caching
caculate             calculate
caculation           calculation
calback              callback
calcualtion          calculation
calcul               compute
calibtration         calibration
calle                called
callig               calling
callled              called
cancelling           canceling
cand                 and
cannnot              cannot
canoncial            canonical
capababilities       capabilities
capabilty            capability
capablility          capability
capablity            capability
capaciy              capacity
capbability          capability
capbilities          capabilities
capibility           capability
captur               capture
caracters            characters
carefull             careful
cartella             directory
cartelle             directory
casesing             casing
casued               caused
catagory             category
cbase                base
ccpu                 shared
cemetary             cemetery
chane                change
chanel               channel
chanels              channels
chanenel             channel
chanenl              channel
chang                change
changable            changeable
changs               changes
channle              channel
chanses              chances
charactor            character
charactrs            characters
cheecking            checking
cheked               checked
cher                 char
chilren              children
chked                checked
chldrn               children
chnaged              changed
choosen              chosen
clare                clear
classfication        classification
classifaction        classification
cleaness             cleanness
cleints              clients
cloberring           clobbering
clomuns              columns
clonage              commit
closeing             closing
cmplx                complex
cnd                  and
coditions            conditions
coelesce             coalesce
coelsing             coalescing
coexistance          coexistence
colapse              collapse
colected             collected
collowing            following
collumn              column
colorizeed           colorized
coloumns             columns
colour               color
colum                column
comand               command
comands              commands
combatibility        compatibility
combatible           compatible
commig               commit
commited             committed
commiting            committing
commmands            commands
commmit              commit
commmunicating       communicating
commun               common
comonents            components
compability          compatibility
comparision          comparison
comparre             compare
compatability        compatibility
compatable           compatible
compatiable          compatible
compatibilty         compatibility
compatiblity         compatibility
compeletion          completion
compilor             compiler
compination          combination
complementar         complementing
completd             completed
completeion          completion
completly            completely
complettion          completion
complient            compliant
componet             component
compulsary           compulsory
computaion           computation
comsumer             consumer
condidions           conditions
conected             connected
conent               content
confidentail         confidential
configer             configure
configration         configuration
configrue            configure
configuarion         configuration
configuation         configuration
configurtion         configuration
confiugred           configured
confiures            configures
conitinue            continue
conjuction           conjunction
conncect             connect
connetced            connected
conneted             connected
conroller            controller
consequtive          consecutive
considerd            considered
consistant           consistent
consisten            consistent
consructor           constructor
constaints           constraints
consteallation       constellation
constituend          constituent
containg             containing
containst            contains
containted           contained
contant              contact
conter               counter
contidions           conditions
contigent            contingent
contiguosly          contiguously
contineous           continuous
contingous           contiguous
continguous          contiguous
continous            continuous
contoller            controller
contorl              control
contraint            constraint
contrieved           contrived
controler            controller
controling           controlling
controlls            controls
controvesial         controversial
contruction          construction
contructor           constructor
convertion           conversion
convertor            converter
convertors           converters
convience            convenience
convinience          convenience
convinient           convenient
cookes               cookies
cooky                cookie
coonnect             connect
coontrol             control
cooresponding        corresponding
copntains            contains
correponding         corresponding
correspoding         corresponding
correspondance       correspondence
corresponging        corresponding
corresponing         corresponding
corrresponding       corresponding
corrspond            correspond
cotact               contact
coupld               couple
cpability            capability
createa              create
creationg            creation
crittical            critical
crytal               crystal
ctructure            structure
cuases               causes
cuntion              function
curcuit              circuit
cureent              current
curent               current
currect              current
currectly            correctly
curren               current
currenty             currently
currrent             current
cuurent              current
dai                  component
datad                data
daugther             daughter
deail                deal
dealilng             dealing
dealte               delete
deamon               daemon
debuging             debugging
deceision            decision
decend               descend
decendant            descendant
decendents           descendants
declate              declare
decribed             described
decribes             describes
decription           description
decriptor            descriptor
decriptors           descriptors
decsiptors           descriptors
decyption            decryption
deeep                deep
defalt               default
defalts              defaults
defautls             defaults
deffinition          definition
defiened             defined
defination           definition
defintion            definition
defintions           definitions
defrag               flags
defualt              default
delarations          declarations
delcare              declare
delcared             declared
delimeters           delimiters
dem                  den
deocder              decoder
dependancies         dependencies
dependant            dependent
dependece            dependence
dependecies          dependencies
depricated           deprecated
derectory            directory
derivitive           derivative
dervied              derived
descendent           descendant
descibed             described
descibes             describes
desciptor            descriptor
descirptors          descriptors
describles           describes
descripor            descriptor
descripter           descriptor
descriptoers         descriptors
descritor            descriptor
descrtiption         description
desination           destination
desing               design
desireable           desirable
desscriptors         descriptors
dessire              desired
destinaton           destination
destion              destination
detachs              detaches
deteched             detached
detectin             detection
detemine             determine
determaine           determine
determins            determines
developement         development
developpement        development
develpers            developers
devic                device
devide               divide
devided              divided
dewrapping           unwrapping
diable               disable
diabled              disabled
diagnistic           diagnostic
diagonsed            diagnosed
dialling             dialing
diconencted          disconnected
dicovery             discovery
diference            difference
diferent             different
differend            different
differnt             different
diffferent           different
diffrentiate         differentiate
diiferent            different
dimentions           dimensions
dircetories          directories
direcotry            directory
directires           directories
directoy             directory
diretory             directory
dirrectly            directly
dirtyness            dirtiness
dirver               driver
disaable             disable
disabl               disable
disappared           disappeared
disassebled          disassembled
disconected          disconnected
disconnet            disconnect
disconnnect          disconnect
discrminator         discriminator
disonnect            disconnect
dissappear           disappear
distingish           distinguish
distingush           distinguish
diverses             diverse
divison              division
documentaiton        documentation
documetnation        documentation
doign                doing
doiing               doing
dommand              command
doorbels             doorbells
dpeth                depth
drivr                driver
drom                 from
droppped             dropped
dtc                  etc
dur                  now
durting              during
dyanmic              dynamic
dymamically          dynamically
dynamiclly           dynamically
dynamicly            dynamically
dynmically           dynamically
eactly               exactly
eactual              actual
earliers             earliest
easiliy              easily
editign              editing
efective             effective
efficent             efficient
egative              negative
egistered            registered
eigth                eight
einrichten           setup
elments              elements
els                  else
embeded              embedded
emited               emitted
emition              emission
enabale              enable
enalbe               enable
enchanced            enhanced
encounted            encountered
encription           encryption
encryptiong          encryption
encryt               encrypt
encrytion            encryption
endable              enable
enery                energy
enhancd              enhanced
enlargable           enlargeable
enoguh               enough
enought              enough
enougth              enough
enrty                entry
entereing            entering
enteries             entries
entitiesa            entities
entrries             entries
entrys               entries
enty                 entry
enumberate           enumerate
enumberating         enumerating
enviroment           environment
enviroments          environments
environement         environment
equaly               equally
equivilant           equivalent
equivilent           equivalent
eror                 error
erreur               error
errorneous           erroneous
errror               error
esize                size
etnries              entries
evalutation          evaluation
evaluted             evaluated
everthing            everything
everyhting           everything
evice                device
exaclty              exactly
exacly               exactly
examing              examining
exausting            exhausting
exaxt                exact
excapt               except
excetion             exception
exceuting            executing
excution             execution
execuetable          executable
exeed                exceed
exeeds               exceeds
exended              extended
exept                except
exising              existing
exisit               exists
exisiting            existing
existance            existence
existant             existent
exlamation           exclamation
exlicitly            explicitly
exlusion             exclusion
expasion             expansion
expeced              expected
expectes             expects
explaination         explanation
explicited           explicitly
explicitely          explicitly
explicitlyy          explicitly
explicity            explicitly
explict              explicit
explictly            explicitly
explitly             explicitly
explose              expose
exposant             exponents
expresion            expression
extenal              external
extenstion           extension
extention            extension
extentions           extensions
externa              external
factoriel            factorial
faield               failed
faild                failed
failue               failure
fainess              fairness
familar              familiar
familiies            families
fastly               rapidly
favour               favor
favoured             favored
fconst               first
feuille              caster
fichier              type
fidliest             fiddliest
fiel                 file
fieldm               field
fileds               fields
fileevent            close
filterring           filtering
filterting           filtering
finaize              finalize
finializer           prepared
finised              finished
finr                 finds
fireing              firing
firmare              firmware
firmawre             firmware
firware              firmware
flagg                flag
flavours             flavors
flg                  flag
flgs                 deletion
fliter               filter
floatting            floating
foced                forced
foces                forces
focussed             focused
folloing             following
follwing             following
follwoing            following
folowing             following
fon                  on
fonction             function
fonctions            divers
fopund               found
forbitten            forbidden
forcedly             forcibly
foreigh              foreign
formating            formatting
formular             formula
fot                  for
foudn                found
foward               forward
fp                   connector
fpga                 base
fractionnal          fractional
frane                frame
freezed              frozen
freqency             frequency
frequence            frequency
frozes               freezes
ftrace               function
fucntion             function
fucntions            functions
fuction              function
fuctions             functions
fulfil               fulfill
fullfill             fulfill
funcion              function
funciton             function
funcitons            functions
funcrtion            function
functiion            function
functins             functions
functio              function
functionaly          functionality
functios             function
functiosn            functions
funtion              function
funtions             functions
futher               further
futhermore           furthermore
futrue               future
gama                 gamma
gamme                gamma
gathtered            gathered
genereate            generate
gestion              handling
gived                given
gloabl               global
globablly            globally
gopack               pack
gpios                status
gradiant             gradient
gradientes           gradients
grahic               graphic
guaranted            guaranteed
guarantes            guarantees
guarentee            guarantee
guarenteed           guaranteed
guidlines            guidelines
guranty              guarantee
haandle              handle
habe                 have
halway               halfway
hammmer              hammer
handlin              handling
hanlde               handle
hapen                happen
happenes             happens
happense             happens
hardare              hardware
harware              hardware
hba                  interface
heado                head
heatbeat             heartbeat
heayy                heavy
heigth               height
heirachical          hierarchical
heirachy             hierarchy
heirarchies          hierarchies
heirarchy            hierarchy
hepler               helper
heuristcs            heuristic
hierachical          hierarchical
hierachy             hierarchy
hierarachies         hierarchies
hierarcy             hierarchy
hierarhical          hierarchical
higer                higher
hight                height
histoical            historical
homogenous           homogeneous
hompage              homepage
horisontal           horizontal
horizonal            horizontal
horrendeously        horrendously
hsot                 host
hsould               should
hxphonon             helix
hypen                hyphen
hypothetic           hypothetical
iamge                image
ide                  idea
idel                 idle
idenitify            identify
ident                indent
identifeir           identifier
identifer            identifier
identifers           identifiers
ignoreing            ignoring
igonred              ignored
ile                  file
imagimary            imaginary
imblance             imbalance
ime                  time
imlpemented          implemented
immedialty           immediately
immediatelly         immediately
immediatly           immediately
immidiately          immediately
immmediately         immediately
immuniy              immunity
imoprt               import
impedence            impedance
impiled              implied
implcit              implicit
implelement          implemented
implemenation        implementation
implementatation     implementation
implemention         implementation
implicity            implicitly
implimentation       implementation
implmentation        implementation
importwhichant       important
imporve              improve
inadvertantly        inadvertently
inbetween            between
incling              inkling
includeing           including
inclue               include
incomming            incoming
incompatable         incompatible
incompatibilites     incompatibilities
incompete            incomplete
incomptible          incompatible
inconflict           conflict
incosistent          inconsistent
increasesd           increased
incremantal          incremental
indecies             indices
indended             intended
indentantion         indentation
indentical           identical
indentifiers         identifiers
indentify            identify
independant          independent
independantly        independently
independed           independent
independend          independent
indexig              indexing
indice               index
indiciating          indicating
indicies             indices
individial           individual
indiviual            individual
indpendent           independent
indvidual            individual
inegality            inequality
inerfaces            interfaces
inerrupt             interrupt
infered              inferred
infomation           information
informtion           information
infrastruture        infrastructure
ingnored             ignored
ingore               ignore
inhertied            inherited
inialization         initialization
inicated             indicated
initailize           initialize
inital               initial
initalise            initialize
initalising          initializing
initalization        initialization
initalize            initialize
initalized           initialized
initalizes           initializes
initalizing          initializing
initally             initially
initialisation       initialization
initialise           initialize
initialised          initialized
initialising         initializing
initialitation       initialization
initializaiton       initialization
initilializes        initializes
initilization        initialization
inits                initializes
inluence             influence
inplicitly           implicitly
inpossible           impossible
insde                inside
instad               instead
instansiated         instantiated
inster               insert
instrucion           instruction
insturction          instruction
inteface             interface
intefere             interfere
intepretation        interpretation
interator            iterator
interchangably       interchangeably
interctive           interactive
intereface           interface
intererval           interval
interes              interest
intergrated          integrated
internaly            internally
interogating         interrogating
interporated         interpolated
interpretted         interpreted
interrested          interested
interrrupt           interrupt
interrrupts          interrupts
interrup             interrupt
interruped           interrupted
interrutps           interrupts
interupt             interrupt
interupted           interrupted
intial               initial
intialization        initialization
intialize            initialize
intializing          initializing
intially             initially
introducting         introducing
intrrupt             interrupt
intruction           instruction
intruduced           introduced
invokation           invocation
irrelevent           irrelevant
isochronous          interrupt
isssue               issue
isssues              issues
issueing             issuing
issuse               issues
ist                  is
iteraion             iteration
iterrupt             interrupt
jbects               objects
joinning             joining
justication          justification
ke                   key
kenrel               kernel
keyward              keyword
keywoards            keywords
kown                 knows
lable                label
lagout               layout
laoded               loaded
lastes               latest
lastest              latest
lattitude            latitude
lauching             launching
lavers               layers
layed                laid
legact               legacy
legel                legal
legitmate            legitimate
lelements            elements
lenget               length
lengh                length
lenght               length
leni                 status
lenth                length
leraned              learned
les                  less
lesat                least
libraray             library
licence              license
likelyhood           likelihood
lim                  limb
limiation            limitation
limitiation          limitation
linebuffered         buffered
localtion            location
locgical             logical
loging               logging
looop                loop
lossage              loss
mabilbox             mailbox
machien              machine
maching              matching
macors               macros
madatory             mandatory
madk                 mask
maintainance         maintenance
maintaing            maintaining
makeing              making
makr                 make
mamimum              maximum
managerment          management
managment            management
mandagtory           mandatory
manisfested          manifested
mannor               manner
mano                 man
maping               mapping
marshalled           marshaled
matster              master
maxfire              expires
maxium               maximum
meaninless           meaningless
meansing             meanings
measurment           measurement
mechanisim           mechanism
mechinery            engine
mechnism             mechanism
meens                means
mehanism             mechanism
meory                memory
merked               marked
mesage               message
messsage             message
methord              method
mian                 main
microcod             microcode
migth                might
miliseconds          milliseconds
mimick               mimic
mimicks              mimics
mimimum              minimum
minimium             minimum
mininum              minimum
minumum              minimum
misaliged            misaligned
mising               missing
misppelling          misspelling
mispronounciation    mispronunciation
mistakte             mistake
modefied             modified
modifed              modified
modifing             modifying
modifiying           modify
modul                module
moodified            modified
mordern              modern
mosue                mouse
moule                module
muiltiple            multiple
mulipexed            multiplexed
multipy              multiply
multitouch           touch
musrt                must
mutiple              multiple
mutliple             multiple
neccesarily          necessarily
neccesary            necessary
neccessarily         necessarily
neccessary           necessary
neceressary          necessary
necessarilly         necessarily
necessarry           necessary
necessaryly          necessarily
ned                  need
needeed              needed
needes               needs
neeed                needed
neeeded              needed
neet                 need
negativate           negative
neighbours           neighbors
nessecary            necessary
nessesary            necessary
neve                 never
newn                 next
nework               network
nned                 need
noin                 none
nonexistant          nonexistent
noral                normal
normalisation        normalization
nother               other
noticable            noticeable
notificaition        notification
nthe                 the
nto                  not
nuber                number
numberous            numerous
numebers             numbers
numercial            numerical
nxt                  next
obious               obvious
objets               objects
obscur               obscure
obsolte              obsolete
ocal                 local
occassionally        occasionally
occcured             occurred
occor                occur
occour               occur
occoured             occurred
occure               occur
occured              occurred
occurence            occurrence
occurences           occurrences
occures              occurs
occuring             occurring
occurr               occur
octect               octet
ocurrence            occurrence
oder                 order
oentry               entry
oeprator             operator
offfset              offset
ofset                offset
omiting              omitting
ommitted             omitted
omptimized           optimized
onlyl                only
onnected             connected
onterested           interested
ony                  only
operatons            operations
opertion             operation
opertional           operational
oplock               execution
oposite              opposite
opportunisticly      opportunistically
opration             operation
oprtation            operation
optain               obtain
optall               all
optimisation         optimization
optimise             optimize
optimised            optimized
optimze              optimize
optinally            optionally
optiobns             options
optionnal            optional
optoinally           optionally
orderd               ordered
orginal              original
orginally            originally
orginize             organize
origional            original
orignal              original
orignally            originally
otehrwise            otherwise
othen                other
otherwis             otherwise
otions               options
ou                   you
oufselves            ourselves
ouitstanding         outstanding
ouput                output
ourself              ourselves
oustanding           outstanding
outstandling         outstanding
outuput              output
overidden            overridden
overrided            overridden
overriden            overridden
overrriden           overridden
overwriten           overwritten
overwritting         overwriting
packaqe              package
packingh             packing
pageing              paging
pakcet               packet
pakckets             packets
paket                packet
pallete              palette
paramater            parameter
paramaters           parameters
paramter             parameter
paramters            parameters
paranthesis          parentheses
parentlist           parents
parimary             primary
parmeter             parameter
partialy             partially
partically           partially
particularily        particularly
particulary          particularly
passivly             passively
patchs               patches
pathes               paths
patological          pathological
patsh                paths
patt                 pattern
pcheck               check
peding               pending
peice                piece
pendig               pending
perferred            preferred
perfomance           performance
performa             perform
performace           performance
perfroms             performs
peridic              periodic
peroidic             periodic
persistant           persistent
persitent            persistent
perticular           particular
phantastic           fantastic
phoney               phony
physcial             physical
placehoder           placeholder
platfom              platform
platformd            platform
platfrom             platform
pleace               please
pleacing             placing
pocessor             processor
poffset              offset
pointere             pointer
poiter               pointer
poitner              pointer
populat              populate
porition             portion
porper               proper
posessing            possessing
posibilities         possibilities
posiitive            positive
posponed             postponed
possibily            possibly
possiblities         possibilities
possiblity           possibility
possition            position
posssible            possible
postion              position
postition            position
postive              positive
practise             practice
pramaters            parameters
prases               phrases
preapre              prepare
preceed              precede
preceeded            preceded
preceeding           preceding
preceeds             proceeds
precendence          precedence
precidence           precedence
prectision           precision
preemtion            preemption
prefered             preferred
preferrable          preferable
preformance          performance
preocessing          processing
preriodic            periodic
presedence           precedence
preseding            preceding
presense             presence
pressent             present
previosly            previously
previx               prefix
prevoius             previous
prgrammed            programmed
priciple             principle
primarly             primarily
primay               primary
prioir               prior
prioirty             priority
prioritied           prioritized
privde               provide
priviate             private
priviledge           privilege
priviledges          privileges
probabaly            probably
probablities         probabilities
probelm              problem
proccess             process
procdure             procedure
procecsses           processes
proceeed             proceed
proces               process
processsed           processed
processsing          processing
programing           programming
programm             program
proiveds             provides
promprted            prompted
prootected           protected
propably             probably
propgated            propagated
propogate            propagate
propogated           propagated
protcol              protocol
proting              porting
protoypes            prototypes
protype              prototype
proveds              provides
provied              provided
provieds             provides
provies              provides
provoding            providing
proxywidgets         tutorials
prrottypes           prototypes
psuedo               pseudo
publically           publicly
pureructors          constructors
quater               quarter
quering              querying
querys               queries
queus                queues
quicly               quickly
quieries             queries
quoteed              quoted
quroum               quorum
ramdord              ramrod
rapidily             rapidly
rdy                  ready
readble              readable
realise              realize
realised             realized
realy                really
rebroadcasted        forwarded
reccomend            recommend
reccommend           recommend
recented             recently
recevied             received
recieve              receive
recieved             received
reciever             receiver
recieving            receiving
recily               racily
reclaimation         reclamation
recognises           recognizes
reconfiged           reconfigured
recory               recovery
recursivelly         recursively
reeponse             response
reesrved             reserved
refered              referred
referencea           references
refering             referring
referncing           referencing
reffer               refer
reffered             referred
reffers              refers
refixed              prefixed
reflexion            reflection
reformating          reformatting
refrence             reference
refrences            references
refued               refused
regester             register
regiser              register
regist               register
registeration        registration
registerd            registered
registes             registers
registors            registers
registred            registered
regiter              register
regster              register
regulaotry           regulatory
regultor             regulator
regultors            regulators
regultory            regulatory
reiceve              receive
reinitialised        reinitialized
relaimed             reclaimed
relase               release
relased              released
relavent             relevant
relcoation           relocation
releated             related
relesase             release
relesing             releasing
relevent             relevant
relinguishing        relinquishing
remainnig            remaining
remaping             remapping
remianing            remaining
renalyzing           reanalyzing
reopresenting        representing
repesent             represent
replacable           replaceable
replys               replies
reponds              responds
reponse              response
reponsible           responsible
reporing             reporting
reposiotory          repository
repote               remote
repreasented         represented
represenation        representation
represnted           represented
reqest               request
reqeuest             request
requeted             requested
requets              requests
requiers             requires
requies              requires
requiest             request
requred              required
requries             requires
rereasing            releasing
rersource            resource
resemblence          resemblance
reser                reset
reserver             reserved
reserverd            reserved
reseta               reset
reseted              reset
resetf               reset
reseting             resetting
resonable            reasonable
resonably            reasonably
resouce              resource
resourses            resources
respones             response
respons              response
responsability       responsibility
responsiblity        responsibility
resporting           reporting
respose              response
resposible           responsible
ressources           resources
restriced            restricted
resubm               resubmit
resulotion           resolution
resulution           resolution
resuorce             resource
retireving           retrieving
retreive             retrieve
retreived            retrieved
retreving            retrieving
retrived             retrieved
retrun               return
retruns              returns
retun                return
returing             returning
reulator             regulator
reundant             redundant
reutrned             returned
revice               device
rewinded             rewound
rigth                right
rmeote               remote
rooom                room
rouding              rounding
roundin              rounding
routeines            routines
routinen             routine
routinge             routine
rsource              resource
rulls                rules
safly                safely
satic                static
satisties            satisfies
satisy               satisfy
sbecomes             becomes
sbitmap              bitmap
scaned               scanned
scannig              scanning
scanrp               scan
sceme                scheme
scenerio             scenario
schdule              schedule
scrach               scratch
secion               section
secodnary            secondary
secoend              second
secondarys           secondaries
sectin               section
sectins              sections
seeem                seems
seeked               sought
seeting              setting
seetings             settings
seing                seeing
selction             selection
selecor              selector
selectes             selects
selsect              select
semphore             semaphore
sence                sense
sendt                sent
sentance             sentence
separte              separate
separted             separated
seperate             separate
seperated            separated
seperately           separately
seperating           separating
seperator            separator
seperators           separators
sequcne              sequence
serie                series
seriouly             seriously
serwer               server
settting             setting
setttings            settings
shadhow              shadow
shapped              shaped
sharred              shared
sheduled             scheduled
sheduling            scheduling
shiped               shipped
shoadow              shadow
shoftware            software
shoing               showing
shortnane            description
shoud                should
shoukld              should
shrinked             shrunk
shure                sure
siaze                size
sibilng              sibling
sicne                since
sience               since
sigaled              signaled
signe                sign
sigular              singular
similiar             similar
simpliciaction       simplification
simplidied           simplified
simplier             simpler
simulataneous        simultaneous
singal               signal
sinplify             simplify
skeep                skip
skript               script
slection             selection
slient               silent
slighly              slightly
sloley               only
slott                slot
smae                 same
smething             something
sofware              software
solveable            solvable
soooo                so
sopisticated         sophisticated
sorce                source
sotring              storing
sould                should
spddplx              speed
specfic              specific
specficiation        specification
specfied             specified
specialise           specialize
specifc              specific
specifed             specified
specificator         specifier
specifice            specific
specificed           specified
specifing            specifying
specifiy             specify
spectulatively       speculatively
speficied            specified
speicify             specify
spesial              special
spesifically         specifically
spesification        specification
splitted             split
squence              sequence
squirrelled          squirreled
sripping             stripping
staion               station
standrads            standards
stariing             starting
stast                stash
statesment           statement
statis               static
statisfied           satisfied
statment             statement
statustics           statistics
staus                status
stdandard            standard
strcture             structure
strenghten           strengthen
stricly              strictly
struture             structure
stucture             structure
subjectd             subjected
subjuect             subject
submited             submitted
subsciber            subscriber
subsiduary           subsidiary
subsiquent           subsequent
substract            subtract
substracting         subtracting
substraction         subtraction
subsytem             subsystem
succcessfully        successfully
succed               succeed
succes               success
succesfull           successful
succesfully          successfully
succesive            successive
successfull          successful
successfuly          successfully
successsion          succession
successully          successfully
suceeded             succeeded
suceeds              succeeds
sucess               success
sucesses             succeeds
sucessful            successful
sucessfully          successfully
sucessfuly           successfully
sucessor             successor
sufficent            sufficient
superceded           superseded
superseeds           supersedes
suplement            supplement
suport               support
suported             supported
suports              supports
supplyed             supplied
supportd             supported
suppoted             supported
suppotrs             supports
suppport             support
suppported           supported
suppporting          supporting
supress              suppress
supresses            suppresses
supression           suppression
suprising            surprising
sur                  sure
susbsystem           subsystem
swiching             switching
switcg               switch
swith                switch
swithced             switched
swithces             switches
swithcing            switching
swithed              switched
swithing             switching
swtich               switch
symetric             symmetric
symmetic             symmetric
synch                sync
synching             syncing
synchonization       synchronization
synchronizarion      synchronization
synchroously         synchronously
syncronization       synchronization
syncronize           synchronize
syncronizes          synchronizes
syncronous           synchronous
syndrom              syndrome
synoym               synonym
synthetize           synthesize
synthetizes          synthesizes
sysclasses           subsystems
systme               system
sytem                system
taht                 that
tain                 taint
tak                  take
taks                 take
talbe                table
tansfer              transfer
tansitional          transitional
targest              targets
targetted            targeted
targetting           targeting
tartget              target
techniuqes           techniques
teh                  the
teminate             terminate
temporarly           temporarily
tempory              temporary
temprature           temperature
tempurature          temperature
tepmplates           templates
terminaison          termination
termindate           terminate
testeing             testing
texure               texture
tha                  the
thant                than
theck                check
thei                 the
themselvs            themselves
therfore             therefore
theshold             threshold
thet                 that
theur                their
thier                their
thisw                this
thos                 those
thougth              thought
threashold           threshold
threhold             threshold
threshhold           threshold
threshol             threshold
thresold             threshold
throught             through
througout            throughout
throuhg              through
thru                 through
timage               image
timeo                control
toally               totally
toatl                total
togles               toggles
torwards             towards
touchsreen           touchscreen
traditilnal          traditional
traditonal           traditional
tramsinssion         transmission
tranceiver           transceiver
tranfer              transfer
tranlation           translation
tranmission          transmission
tranmitted           transmitted
transciever          transceiver
transfered           transferred
transfering          transferring
transfrom            transform
transmited           transmitted
transmition          transmission
transmmit            transmit
transparant          transparent
transtion            transition
trasaction           transaction
trasfer              transfer
trasformation        transformation
trasmitted           transmitted
trasnaction          transaction
trasnforms           transforms
trayed               strayed
treshold             threshold
triger               trigger
trivialy             trivially
truelly              truly
truely               truly
truncature           truncation
trye                 true
tryed                tried
tryied               tried
trys                 tries
tsoh                 header
tthem                them
turboe               turbo
turncated            truncated
turs                 turns
twize                twice
typic                topic
typoes               typos
udpated              updated
ue                   use
uggly                ugly
ultimost             utmost
umconsistent         inconsistent
uncommited           uncommitted
uncongested          unblocked
undeflow             underflow
undesireable         undesirable
unecessary           unnecessary
unequality           inequality
unexcpected          unexpected
unferflow            underflow
unfortunatly         unfortunately
ungent               urgent
unintersting         uninteresting
unitialized          uninitialized
unknonwn             unknown
unknow               unknown
unkown               unknown
unlcoked             unlocked
unlimted             unlimited
unneccessary         unnecessary
unnecesary           unnecessary
unnecessarty         unnecessary
unnreliable          unreliable
unreacahble          unreachable
unrecocnized         unrecognized
unsucsessful         unsuccessful
unsuportable         unsupportable
unsuported           unsupported
untill               until
unwrritten           unwritten
upating              updating
updaing              updating
updateing            updating
upsteam              upstream
upsteram             upstream
uqery                query
useage               usage
usefull              useful
usere                user
usese                uses
usize                size
usuallly             usually
usuasl               usual
ususally             usually
util                 until
utilties             utilities
uto                  to
vaiables             variables
vaild                valid
vaious               various
valuemap             dict
vartical             vertical
vedio                video
verfication          verification
verifys              verifies
verison              version
vertification        verification
virtaul              virtual
virtural             virtual
virual               virtual
virutal              virtual
vitual               virtual
vlaues               values
volatage             voltage
vulnerabilites       vulnerabilities
waht                 what
wailt                wait
warlking             walking
wass                 was
watchog              watchdog
wating               waiting
wcount               written
webbrowser           twitter
wehn                 when
wether               whether
whehter              whether
whem                 when
whetehr              whether
wheter               whether
whicg                which
whith                with
whitout              without
wholy                wholly
wich                 which
wierd                weird
wih                  with
wihin                within
wilh                 will
willl                will
wirte                write
witdh                width
withou               without
withough             without
withtin              within
wnat                 want
woudl                would
writtin              written
writting             writing
writtten             written
wrtite               write
xoffset              offset
yesyes               yes
yoru                 your
yout                 you
zeo                  zero
zeronig              zeroing
