
Amercia              America
Bernouilli           Bernoulli
Blitzkreig           Blitzkrieg
Bonnano              Bonanno
Brasillian           Brazilian
Britian              Britain
Brittish             British
Buddah               Buddha
Buddist              Buddhist
Cambrige             Cambridge
Capetown             Cape_Town
Carmalite            Carmelite
Carnagie             Carnegie
Carnagie-Mellon      Carnegie-Mellon
Carnigie             Carnegie
Carnigie-Mellon      Carnegie-Mellon
Carribbean           Caribbean
Carribean            Caribbean
Carthagian           Carthaginian
Cataline             Catiline
Ceasar               Caesar
Celcius              Celsius
Champange            Champagne
Cincinatti           Cincinnati
Cincinnatti          Cincinnati
Coca                 Cola_Coca-Cola
Conneticut           Connecticut
Dardenelles          Dardanelles
Dravadian            Dravidian
Enlish               English
Europian             European
Europians            Europeans
Eurpean              European
Eurpoean             European
Farenheit            Fahrenheit
Febuary              February
Feburary             February
Flemmish             Flemish
Formalhaut           Fomalhaut
Foundland            Newfoundland
Fransiscan           Franciscan
Fransiscans          Franciscans
Galations            Galatians
Gameboy              Game_Boy
Ghandi               Gandhi
Godounov             Godunov
Gothenberg           Gothenburg
Gottleib             Gottlieb
Guaduloupe           Guadalupe
Guadulupe            Guadalupe
Guatamala            Guatemala
Guatamalan           Guatemalan
Guilia               Giulia
Guilio               Giulio
Guiness              Guinness
Guiseppe             Giuseppe
Habsbourg            Habsburg
Hallowean            Hallowe'en
Hatian               Haitian
Heidelburg           Heidelberg
Ihaca                Ithaca
Israelies            Israelis
Janurary             January
Januray              January
Japanes              Japanese
Johanine             Johannine
Jospeh               Joseph
Juadaism             Judaism
Juadism              Judaism
Lybia                Libya
Malcom               Malcolm
Massachussets        Massachusetts
Massachussetts       Massachusetts
Mediteranean         Mediterranean
Michagan             Michigan
Misouri              Missouri
Missisipi            Mississippi
Missisippi           Mississippi
Monserrat            Montserrat
Montnana             Montana
Morisette            Morissette
Morrisette           Morissette
Mythraic             Mithraic
Naploeon             Napoleon
Napolean             Napoleon
Napoleonian          Napoleonic
Nazereth             Nazareth
Newyorker            New_Yorker
Novermber            November
Nullabour            Nullarbor
Nuremburg            Nuremberg
Palistian            Palestinian
Palistinian          Palestinian
Palistinians         Palestinians
Papanicalou          Papanicolaou
Peloponnes           Peloponnesus
Pennyslvania         Pennsylvania
Pharoah              Pharaoh
Philipines           Philippines
Phillipine           Philippine
Phillipines          Philippines
Phillippines         Philippines
Phonecian            Phoenecian
Portugese            Portuguese
Postdam              Potsdam
Premonasterians      Premonstratensians
Pucini               Puccini
Puertorrican         Puerto_Rican
Puertorricans        Puerto_Ricans
Queenland            Queensland
Rockerfeller         Rockefeller
Russion              Russian
Sacremento           Sacramento
Sanhedrim            Sanhedrin
Saterday             Saturday
Saterdays            Saturdays
Sionist              Zionist
Sionists             Zionists
Sixtin               Sistine
Skagerak             Skagerrak
Tolkein              Tolkien
Tuscon               Tucson
Ukranian             Ukrainian
UnitesStates         UnitedStates
Yementite            Yemenite
a'ready              already
abandonned           abandoned
abbott               abort
abbout               about
abbrevate            abbreviate
abbrevation          abbreviation
abbriviate           abbreviate
aberation            aberration
abilties             abilities
abilty               ability
abiove               above
abitrary             arbitrary
abolute              absolute
abondon              abandon
abondoned            abandoned
abondoning           abandoning
abondons             abandons
aborigene            aborigine
aborrt               abort
abortificant         abortifacient
abotu                about
abouta               about_a
aboutit              about_it
aboutthe             about_the
abouve               above
abreviate            abbreviate
abreviated           abbreviated
abreviation          abbreviation
abritrary            arbitrary
absail               abseil
absailing            abseiling
abscence             absence
absolut              absolute
absolutley           absolutely
absolutly            absolutely
absorbsion           absorption
absorbtion           absorption
abudance             abundance
abundacies           abundances
abundancies          abundances
abundunt             abundant
abutts               abuts
acadamy              academy
acadmic              academic
accademic            academic
accademy             academy
acccepted            accepted
acccepts             accepts
acccessed            accessed
acccessible          accessible
acccused             accused
accees               access
accellerated         accelerated
accelleration        acceleration
acceot               accept
accepatble           acceptable
acceptence           acceptance
acces                access
acceses              accesses
accesibility         accessibility
accesing             accessing
accesor              accessor
accesories           accessories
accessable           accessible
accessbility         accessibility
accessble            accessible
accessibiliy         accessibility
accesss              access
accestor             accessor
accidant             accident
accidentaly          accidentally
accidentially        accidentally
acclimitization      acclimatization
accomadate           accommodate
accomadated          accommodated
accomadates          accommodates
accomadating         accommodating
accomadation         accommodation
accomadations        accommodations
accomdate            accommodate
accomidate           accommodate
accomodated          accommodated
accomodation         accommodation
accomodations        accommodations
accompagning         accompanying
accompanyed          accompanied
accordeon            accordion
accordian            accordion
accordinly           accordingly
accoring             according
accorting            according
accossory            accessory
accoun               account
accourding           according
accoustic            acoustic
accout               account
accoutrements        accouterments
accpet               accept
accquainted          acquainted_
accrediation         accreditation
accredidation        accreditation
accreting            accrediting
accroding            according
accruately           accurately
accumlator           accumulator
accummulating        accumulating
accummulators        accumulators
accumualte           accumulate
accuracty            accuracy
accurary             accuracy
accussed             accused
acedemic             academic
acessable            accessible
acessors             accesors
acesss               access
acheive              achieve
acheived             achieved
acheivement          achievement
acheivements         achievements
acheives             achieves
acheiving            achieving
acheivment           achievement
acheivments          achievements
achievment           achievement
achievments          achievements
achivement           achievement
achivements          achievements
acident              accident
acive                active
acknolwledges        acknowledges
acknowldeged         acknowledged
acknowledgeing       acknowledging
acknowledgement      acknowledgment
acknowledgements     acknowledgments
acommodate           accommodate
acomplish            accomplish
acomplished          accomplished
acomplishment        accomplishment
acomplishments       accomplishments
acording             according
acordingly           accordingly
acquaintence         acquaintance
acquaintences        acquaintances
acquiantence         acquaintance
acquiantences        acquaintances
acquited             acquitted
acrosst              across
actaul               actual
actived              activated
activiates           activates
activites            activities
activly              actively
acton                action
actualisation        estimation
actuall              actual
actualy              actually
actullay             actually
actully              actually
acturally            actually
acture               actual
acual                actual
acuracy              accuracy
acused               accused
acustom              accustom
acustommed           accustomed
acutally             actually
adata                data
adavanced            advanced
adbandon             abandon
addapted             adapted
addded               added
addess               address
addesss              address
addional             additional
addionally           additionally
additinal            additional
additinally          additionally
additionaly          additionally
additionnal          additional
additonal            additional
additonally          additionally
addittion            addition
addmission           admission
addopt               adopt
addopted             adopted
addoptive            adoptive
addres               address
addresable           addressable
addresed             addressed
addreses             addresses
addresing            addressing
addressess           addresses
addressibility       addressability
addressses           addresses
addtion              addition
addtional            additional
adecuate             adequate
adequit              adequate
adhearing            adhering
adherance            adherence
aditional            additional
adjactent            adjacent
adjcent              adjacent
adjusment            adjustment
adjustement          adjustment
adjustements         adjustments
adjustes             adjusts
admendment           amendment
admininistrative     administrative
admininstrator       administrator
adminstered          administered
adminstrate          administrate
adminstration        administration
adminstrative        administrative
adminstrator         administrator
admissability        admissibility
admissable           admissible
admited              admitted
admitedly            admittedly
adn                  and
adolecent            adolescent
adpater              adapter
adquire              acquire
adquired             acquired
adquires             acquires
adquiring            acquiring
adres                address
adresable            addressable
adresing             addressing
adress               address
adressable           addressable
adresse              address
adressed             addressed
adressig             addressing
adressing            addressing
adrress              address
advantagous          advantageous
adventrous           adventurous
advertisment         advertisement
advertisments        advertisements
advesary             adversary
adviced              advised
adviseable           advisable
aera                 area
aeriel               aerial
aeriels              aerials
afair                affair
afetr                after
afficianados         aficionados
afficionado          aficionado
afficionados         aficionados
affilate             affiliate
affilliate           affiliate
aforememtioned       aforementioned
againnst             against
agains               against
againt               against
agaisnt              against
aganist              against
aggaravates          aggravates
aggegate             aggregate
agggregate           aggregate
aggragate            aggregate
aggreagate           aggregate
aggreate             aggregate
aggreed              agreed
aggreement           agreement
aggreggate           aggregate
aggregious           egregious
aggresive            aggressive
aggrivation          aggravation
agian                again
agianst              against
aginst               against
agrain               again
agravate             aggravate
agre                 agree
agred                agreed
agreeement           agreement
agreeent             agreement
agreemnt             agreement
agregate             aggregate
agregated            aggregated
agregates            aggregates
agreing              agreeing
agression            aggression
agressive            aggressive
agressively          aggressively
agressor             aggressor
agricultue           agriculture
agriculure           agriculture
agricuture           agriculture
agrieved             aggrieved
agrument             argument
agues                argues
aguments             augments
ahev                 have
ahppen               happen
ahve                 have
aicraft              aircraft
aiport               airport
airbourne            airborne
aircaft              aircraft
aircrafts            aircraft
airporta             airports
airrcraft            aircraft
aisian               asian
albiet               albeit
alchohol             alcohol
alchoholic           alcoholic
alchol               alcohol
alcholic             alcoholic
alcohal              alcohol
alcoholical          alcoholic
aleady               already
aledge               allege
aledged              alleged
aledges              alleges
alege                allege
aleged               alleged
alegience            allegiance
algebraical          algebraic
algebric             algebraic
algoirithm           algorithm
algorhitms           algorithms
algorith             algorithm
algorithsm           algorithms
algoritms            algorithms
algorthm             algorithm
alibration           calibration
alientating          alienating
alignemnt            alignment
alignmask            align
alingment            alignment
alinment             alignment
allcoated            allocated
alledge              allege
alledged             alleged
alledgedly           allegedly
alledges             alleges
allegedely           allegedly
allegedy             allegedly
allegely             allegedly
allegence            allegiance
allegience           allegiance
allign               align
alligned             aligned
alliviate            alleviate
alllocation          allocation
alllowed             allowed
allocat              allocate
allocatbale          allocatable
allocatoor           allocator
allocte              allocate
allocted             allocated
alloed               allowed
allopone             allophone
allopones            allophones
allready             already
allthough            although
alltime              all-time
almsot               almost
alocatable           allocatable
alocate              allocate
alocation            allocation
alochol              alcohol
alogorithms          algorithms
alogrithm            algorithm
alomst               almost
alongisde            alongside
alotted              allotted
alowed               allowed
alowing              allowing
alread               already
alreadh              already
alreayd              already
alsoneeds            also_needs
alsot                also
alterative           alternative
alternativly         alternatively
alternitives         alternatives
altho                although
altough              although
alwasy               always
alwyas               always
amalgomated          amalgamated
amatuer              amateur
ambigious            ambiguous
ambigous             ambiguous
ambuguity            ambiguity
amde                 made
amendements          amendments
amendmant            amendment
amerliorate          ameliorate
amke                 make
amking               making
ammended             amended
ammendments          amendments
ammoritize           amortize
ammortize            amortize
ammortizes           amortizes
ammount              amount
ammused              amused
amogst               among
amortised            amortized
amoung               among
amoungst             amongst
amout                amount
amung                among
amunition            ammunition
amy                  may
analagous            analogous
analisys             analysis
analitic             analytic
analogeous           analogous
analoguous           analogous
analye               analyze
analyse              analyze
analysed             analyzed
analyser             analyzer
analysers            analyzers
anarchim             anarchism
anarchistm           anarchism
anbd                 and
ancester             ancestor
ancestore            ancestor
ancestores           ancestors
ancestory            ancestry
anciliary            ancillary
andd                 and
andl                 and
androgenous          androgynous
androgeny            androgyny
ane                  and
anihilation          annihilation
aniversary           anniversary
anlogously           analogously
annoint              anoint
annointed            anointed
annointing           anointing
annoints             anoints
annotationn          annotation
annother             another
annouced             announced
announcment          announcement
annualy              annually
annuled              annulled
anohter              another
anomolies            anomalies
anomolous            anomalous
anomoly              anomaly
anonimity            anonymity
anonnymous           anonymous
anoter               another
anounced             announced
anouncement          announcement
ansalisation         nasalisation
ansalization         nasalization
ansestors            ancestors
antartic             antarctic
anthromorphization   anthropomorphization
anthropolgist        anthropologist
anthropolgy          anthropology
anual                annual
anulled              annulled
anway                anyway
anwsered             answered
anyhwere             anywhere
anyother             any_other
anytying             anything
aparent              apparent
aparently            apparently
aparment             apartment
aparts               apart
aplication           application
aplications          applications
aplied               applied
aply                 apply
apolegetics          apologetics
apparant             apparent
apparantly           apparently
appart               apart
appartment           apartment
appartments          apartments
appearantly          apparently
appeareance          appearance
appearences          appearances
appendend            appended
appeneded            appended
apperance            appearance
appereances          appearances
appliations          applications
applicaiton          application
applicaitons         applications
appliction           application
applyting            applying
appologies           apologies
appology             apology
appopriate           appropriate
apporiate            appropriate
apporoprate          appropriate
appoximately         approximately
apppears             appears
appplying            applying
apprearance          appearance
appriately           appropriately
apprieciate          appreciate
approachs            approaches
approp               appropriate
appropariate         appropriate
appropraite          appropriate
appropriatly         appropriately
appropriete          appropriate
approprite           appropriate
appropropiate        appropriate
approproximate       approximate
approptiately        appropriately
approxamately        approximately
approxiately         approximately
approximitely        approximately
apprpriate           appropriate
aprehensive          apprehensive
apropriate           appropriate
aproval              approval_
aproximate           approximate
aproximately         approximately
aqquire              acquire
aquaduct             aqueduct
aquaintance          acquaintance
aquainted            acquainted
aquiantance          acquaintance
aquire               acquire
aquired              acquired
aquires              acquires
aquiring             acquiring
aquisition           acquisition
aquisitions          acquisitions
aquitted             acquitted
aranged              arranged
arangement           arrangement
aray                 array
arbirary             arbitrary
arbitarily           arbitrarily
arbritrary           arbitrary
arbtirary            arbitrary
archaelogical        archaeological
archaelogists        archaeologists
archaelogy           archaeology
archetect            architect
archetects           architects
archetectural        architectural
archetecturally      architecturally
archetecture         architecture
archiac              archaic
archictect           architect
archimedian          archimedean
architecht           architect
architechturally     architecturally
architechture        architecture
architechtures       architectures
architectual         architectural
archivio             repository
archtiecture         architecture
archtype             archetype
archtypes            archetypes
aready               already
areay                array
ared                 are
areodynamics         aerodynamics
argment              argument
argments             arguments
argmument            argument
argubly              arguably
arguement            argument
arguements           arguments
arguemtns            arguments
argumet              argument
arhive               archive
arhives              archives
aribtrary            arbitrary
arised               arose
aritmetic            arithmetic
arival               arrival
armamant             armament
armistace            armistice
arogant              arrogant
arogent              arrogant
aroud                around
arrangment           arrangement
arrangments          arrangements
arrengement          arrangement
arrengements         arrangements
arrgregation         aggregation
arrondi              rounding
arround              around
arrrays              arrays
artcile              article
artefact             artifact
artical              article
artice               article
articel              article
artifical            artificial
artifically          artificially
artificials          artificial
artificically        artificially
artihmetic           arithmetic
artillary            artillery
arugemnt             argument
arugment             argument
arugments            arguments
arument              argument
arund                around
asbtract             abstract
asetic               ascetic
asfar                as_far
asign                assign
asigned              assigned
aslo                 also
aso                  also
asociated            associated
asorbed              absorbed
asphyxation          asphyxiation
assasin              assassin
assasinate           assassinate
assasinated          assassinated
assasinates          assassinates
assasination         assassination
assasinations        assassinations
assasined            assassinated
assasins             assassins
assassintation       assassination
asscociated          associated
assemple             assemble
assertation          assertion
assication           association
asside               aside
assigments           assignments
assignemnt           assignment
assignmen            assignment
assignmnet           assignment
assingment           assignment
assings              assigns
assinment            assignment
assiociated          associated
assisnate            assassinate
assit                assist
assitant             assistant
assocated            associated
assocation           association
associacted          associated
associatied          associated
associdated          associated
assoctiated          associated
assoicate            associate
assoicated           associated
assoicates           associates
assosiated           associated
assosication         assassination
assotiated           associated
assotiation          association
assoziated           associated
asssassans           assassins
asssembler           assembler
asssembly            assembly
asssign              assign
asssociated          associated
asssume              assume
assualt              assault
assualted            assaulted
assumpation          assumption
assumtions           assumptions
assupmption          assumption
assuptions           assumptions
assymetric           asymmetric
assymetrical         asymmetrical
asterices            asterisks
asteriod             asteroid
asthetic             aesthetic
asthetical           aesthetical
asthetically         aesthetically
asthetics            aesthetics
asume                assume
asumption            assumption
asupport             support
asynchrous           asynchronous
asyncronous          asynchronous
asyncronously        asynchronously
atain                attain
atempting            attempting
atheistical          atheistic
athenean             athenian
atheneans            athenians
athiesm              atheism
athiest              atheist
atleast              at_least
atomicly             atomically
atorney              attorney
atribute             attribute
atributed            attributed
atrribute            attribute
atrributes           attributes
att                  add
attachement          attachment
attched              attached
attemp               attempt
attemped             attempted
attemps              attempts
attemt               attempt
attemted             attempted
attemting            attempting
attemts              attempts
attendence           attendance
attendent            attendant
attendents           attendants
attened              attended
attension            attention
attetntion           attention
attibute             attribute
attibutes            attributes
attitide             attitude
attrbute             attribute
attrbutes            attributes
attribite            attribute
attribtes            attributes
attribude            attribute
attribue             attribute
attribuet            attribute
attributesc          attributes
attributred          attributed
attributtes          attributes
attrocities          atrocities
atttached            attached
atttributes          attributes
atually              actually
audeince             audience
auromated            automated
austrailia           Australia
austrailian          Australian
authentcated         authenticated
auther               author
authobiographic      autobiographic
authobiography       autobiography
authorative          authoritative
authorisation        authorization
authorites           authorities
authorithy           authority
authoritiers         authorities
authoritive          authoritative
authorizer           authorize
authrorities         authorities
autmatically         automatically
autochtonous         autochthonous
autoctonous          autochthonous
automatcally         automatically
automatical          automatic
automaticall         automatically
automaticallly       automatically
automaticly          automatically
automibile           automobile
automonomous         autonomous
automtically         automatically
autor                author
autority             authority
auxiallary           auxiliary
auxiliar             auxiliary
auxillaries          auxiliaries
auxilliaries         auxiliaries
availaible           available
availalbe            available
availalble           available
availble             available
availiability        availability
availiable           available
availible            available
avalable             available
avalance             avalanche
avaliable            available
avation              aviation
avengence            a_vengeance
averageed            averaged
avilable             available
avove                above
awared               awarded
aways                always
awrning              warning
awya                 away
b'long               belong
baceause             because
backards             backwards
backdor              backdoor
backgorund           background
backrounds           backgrounds
bakc                 back
banannas             bananas
bandwith             bandwidth
bankrupcy            bankruptcy
banruptcy            bankruptcy
basicaly             basically
basicly              basically
bcak                 back
bcontinual           continual
beacause             because
beachead             beachhead
beastiality          bestiality
beatiful             beautiful
beaurocracy          bureaucracy
beaurocratic         bureaucratic
beautyfull           beautiful
beaviours            behaviors
becaause             because
becamae              became
becames              becomes
becauae              because
becaue               because
becaues              because
becaus               because
beccause             because
becocmes             becomes
becomeing            becoming
becomming            becoming
becouse              because
becxause             because
bedore               before
beeing               being
beetween             between
beetwen              between
befoer               before
befor                before
beforere             before
beggin               begin
begginer             beginner
begginers            beginners
begginings           beginnings
beggins              begins
behavour             behavior
behvaior             behavior
beign                being
beleagured           beleaguered
beleif               belief
beleive              believe
beleived             believed
beleives             believes
beleiving            believing
beligum              belgium
beling               belong
belive               believe
belived              believed
belives              believes
belligerant          belligerent
bellweather          bellwether
bemusemnt            bemusement
benchmkar            benchmark
bene                 been
benefical            beneficial
beneficary           beneficiary
beneits              benefits
beng                 being
benifit              benefit
benifits             benefits
bergamont            bergamot
berween              between
beseige              besiege
beseiged             besieged
beseiging            besieging
beteeen              between
beteen               between
beter                better
beteween             between
betweed              between
betweent             between
betwen               between
bew                  new
beween               between
bewteen              between
bext                 best
beyong               beyond
bilateraly           bilaterally
billingualism        bilingualism
bimask               bitmask
binitialized         initialized
binominal            binomial
bizzare              bizarre
blaim                blame
blaimed              blamed
blatent              blatant
blessure             blessing
blockes              blocks
boaut                bout
bodydbuilder         bodybuilder
bogous               bogus
bombardement         bombardment
bombarment           bombardment
bondary              boundary
bookeeping           bookkeeping
bookkeeing           bookkeeping
bookkeeiping         bookkeeping
bookkepp             bookkeep
borke                broke
botify               notify
boundery             boundary
boundries            boundaries
boundry              boundary
bount                bound
bouyancy             buoyancy
bouyant              buoyant
boyant               buoyant
bradcast             broadcast
branche              branches
breakthough          breakthrough
breakthroughts       breakthroughs
breif                brief
breifly              briefly
bresult              result
brethen              brethren
bretheren            brethren
brightnesss          brightness
briliant             brilliant
brillant             brilliant
brimestone           brimstone
broacasted           broadcast
broadacasting        broadcasting
broady               broadly
broght               brought
bufer                buffer
bufers               buffers
buffereing           buffering
bufferred            buffered
bufferring           buffering
bufffer              buffer
buffring             buffering
buidling             building
buisness             business
buisnessman          businessman
bulds                builds
bulider              builder
bulids               builds
bullier              buldier
buoancy              buoyancy
buring               burying
burried              buried
busines              business
busineses            business
busness              business
bussiness            business
buttoni              button
buttton              button
bwtween              between
cace                 cache
cachable             cacheable
cacheing             caching
cachline             cacheline
caclulated           calculated
caculate             calculate
caculater            calculator
caculation           calculation
cacuses              caucuses
cahracters           characters
calaber              caliber
calander             calendar
calcualtion          calculation
calcuations          calculations
calcul               compute
calculatable         calculable
calculater           calculator
calculcate           calculate
calculs              calculus
calee                callee
calees               callees
calenders            calendars
calibtration         calibration
caligraphy           calligraphy
caling               calling
callig               calling
callled              called
caluclate            calculate
caluclated           calculated
caluculate           calculate
caluculated          calculated
calulate             calculate
calulated            calculated
calulater            calculator
calulates            calculates
camoflage            camouflage
campain              campaign
campains             campaigns
camparing            comparing
can'be               can't_be
cancelation          cancellation
cancellability       cancelability
cancelling           canceling
candadate            candidate
candiate             candidate
candidiate           candidate
cannister            canister
cannisters           canisters
cannnot              cannot
cannonical           canonical
cannotation          connotation
cannotations         connotations
canoncial            canonical
canonival            canonical
canot                can't
cant                 cannot
caost                coast
capababilities       capabilities
capabilites          capabilities
capabilty            capability
capablility          capability
capablity            capability
capaciy              capacity
capbability          capability
capbilities          capabilities
caperbility          capability
capibility           capability
capible              capable
captial              capital
captued              captured
captur               capture
capturd              captured
carachter            character
caracterized         characterized
caracters            characters
carcas               carcass
carefull             careful
careing              caring
carismatic           charismatic
carnege              carnage
carnige              carnage
carniverous          carnivorous
carreer              career
carrers              careers
cartdridge           cartridge
cartella             directory
cartelle             directory
carthographer        cartographer
cartilege            cartilage
cartilidge           cartilage
cartrige             cartridge
casesing             casing
casette              cassette
casion               caisson
cassawory            cassowary
cassowarry           cassowary
casue                cause
casued               caused
casues               causes
casuing              causing
casulaties           casualties
casulaty             casualty
catagorized          categorized
catagory             category
catapillar           caterpillar
catapillars          caterpillars
catapiller           caterpillar
catapillers          caterpillars
catepillar           caterpillar
catepillars          caterpillars
catergorize          categorize
catergorized         categorized
caterpilar           caterpillar
caterpilars          caterpillars
caterpiller          caterpillar
caterpillers         caterpillars
cathlic              catholic
catholocism          catholicism
catterpilar          caterpillar
catterpilars         caterpillars
catterpillar         caterpillar
catterpillars        caterpillars
cattleship           battleship
causalities          casualties
cbase                base
ccpu                 shared
cellpading           cellpadding
cementary            cemetery
cemetarey            cemetery
cemetaries           cemeteries
cemetary             cemetery
cencus               census
censur               censor
cententenial         centennial
centre               center
centruies            centuries
centruy              century
centuties            centuries
centuty              century
ceratin              certain
cerimonial           ceremonial
cerimonies           ceremonies
cerimonious          ceremonious
cerimony             ceremony
ceromony             ceremony
certainity           certainty
certficate           certificate
certian              certain
certifcate           certificate
cervial              cervical
chache               cache
chalenging           challenging
challange            challenge
challanged           challenged
challege             challenge
chanaracter          character
chane                change
chanel               channel
chanels              channels
chanenel             channel
chanenl              channel
chang                change
changs               changes
channle              channel
chanses              chances
characater           character
characer             character
characeters          characters
charachter           character
charachters          characters
characte             character
characteres          characters
characterised        characterized
charactersistic      characteristic
charactes            characters
charactors           characters
charactrs            characters
characts             characters
charasmatic          charismatic
charaterized         characterized
charaters            characters
charcter             character
chariman             chairman
charistics           characteristics
chasr                chaser
cheching             checking
cheecking            checking
cheif                chief
cheifs               chiefs
cheked               checked
chemcial             chemical
chemcially           chemically
chemestry            chemistry
chemicaly            chemically
cher                 char
childbird            childbirth
childen              children
chilren              children
chked                checked
chldrn               children
chlids               children
chnaged              changed
choicing             choosing
chosing              choosing
chould               could
chracters            characters
chuch                church
churchs              churches
circulaton           circulation
circumsicion         circumcision
circut               circuit
ciricuit             circuit
ciriculum            curriculum
cirtcuit             circuit
civillian            civilian
claer                clear
claerer              clearer
claerly              clearly
claify               clarify
claimes              claims
clare                clear
clas                 class
clasic               classic
clasical             classical
clasically           classically
classfication        classification
classifaction        classification
cleaness             cleanness
cleareance           clearance
cleints              clients
clera                clear
clincial             clinical
clinicaly            clinically
cloberring           clobbering
clomuns              columns
clonage              commit
cloneable            clonable
closeing             closing
cloure               closure
cmmands              commands
cmo                  com
cmoputer             computer
cmplx                complex
cnd                  and
co-incided           coincided
coctail              cocktail
coditions            conditions
coefficent           coefficient
coefficents          coefficients
coeficients          coefficients
coelesce             coalesce
coelsing             coalescing
coexistance          coexistence
coform               conform
cognizent            cognizant
coincedentally       coincidentally
colaborations        collaborations
colapse              collapse
colateral            collateral
colected             collected
colelctive           collective
collaberative        collaborative
collationg           collation
collecton            collection
colleection          collection
collegue             colleague
collegues            colleagues
collonade            colonnade
collonies            colonies
collony              colony_
collosal             colossal
collowing            following
collumn              column
colonizators         colonizers
coloringh            colorings
colorizeed           colorized
coloumns             columns
colour               color
colouring            coloring
colum                column
comand               command
comander             commander
comando              commando
comandos             commandos
comands              commands
comany               company
comapany             company
comback              comeback
combanations         combinations
combatibility        compatibility
combatible           compatible
combinatins          combinations
combinatoric         combinatorics
combinine            combine
combusion            combustion
comdemnation         condemnation
comemmorates         commemorates
comemoretion         commemoration
comformance          conformance
comision             commission
comisioned           commissioned
comisioner           commissioner
comisioning          commissioning
comisions            commissions
comission            commission
comissioned          commissioned
comissioner          commissioner
comissioning         commissioning
comissions           commissions
comited              committed
comitee              committee
comiting             committing
comitted             committed
comittee             committee
comitting            committing
comlexity            complexity
commandoes           commandos
commedic             comedic
commemerative        commemorative
commemmorate         commemorate
commemmorating       commemorating
commentz             comments
commerical           commercial
commerically         commercially
commericial          commercial
commericially        commercially
commerorative        commemorative
commig               commit
comming              coming
comminication        communication
comminucating        communicating
commision            commission
commisioned          commissioned
commisioner          commissioner
commisioning         commissioning
commisions           commissions
commited             committed
commitee             committee
commiting            committing
committe             committee
committments         commitments
commmands            commands
commmemorated        commemorated
commmunicating       communicating
commongly            commonly
commonweath          commonwealth
commuications        communications
commuinications      communications
commun               common
communciation        communication
communiation         communication
communites           communities
comnparing           comparing
comnpletion          completion
comonents            components
comparer             comparator
comparitive          comparative
comparitively        comparatively
comparre             compare
comparsion           comparison
comparsions          comparisons
compatabilities      compatibilities
compatable           compatible
compatablities       compatibilities
compatablity         compatibility
compatiable          compatible
compatibile          compatible
compatibiliy         compatibility
compatibily          compatibility
compatibity          compatibility
compatiblities       compatibilities
compativle           compatible
compeitions          competitions
compeletion          completion
compensantion        compensation
competance           competence
competant            competent
competative          competitive
competion            competition
competitiion         competition
competive            competitive
competiveness        competitiveness
comphrehensive       comprehensive
compications         complications
compilability        compatibility
compiliant           compliant
compilor             compiler
compitent            competent
complation           compilation
comple               compile
complementar         complementing
complementt          complement
completd             completed
completedthe         completed_the
completeion          completion
completelyl          completely
completetion         completion
completly            completely
complette            complete
complettion          completion
complient            compliant
complier             compiler
compliers            compilers
compnent             component
componant            component
componet             component
composited           composed
compositing          composing
comprable            comparable
comprimise           compromise
compuatation         computation
compuation           computation
compulsary           compulsory
compulsery           compulsory
computaion           computation
computarized         computerized
computaton           computation
comsumer             consumer
comventions          conventions
concantenated        concatenated
concatened           concatenated
concatented          concatenated
conceptification     conceptualization
concerened           concerned
concider             consider
concidered           considered
concidering          considering
conciders            considers
concieted            conceited
concieved            conceived
concious             conscious
conciously           consciously
conciousness         consciousness
condamned            condemned
condary              contrary
condemmed            condemned
condidions           conditions
condidtion           condition
condidtions          conditions
conditionsof         conditions_of
conditoinal          conditional
conditonal           conditional
condtiion            condition
condtion             condition
condtions            conditions
conected             connected
conent               content
conervative          conservative
conesencus           consensus
confict              conflict
confidentail         confidential
confidental          confidential
confidentally        confidentially
confids              confides
configer             configure
configiuration       configuration
configration         configuration
configrue            configure
configuarion         configuration
configuation         configuration
configureable        configurable
configurtion         configuration
confiugred           configured
confiures            configures
confortable          comfortable
congradulations      congratulations
congresional         congressional
conitinue            continue
conived              connived
conjecutre           conjecture
conjonction          conjunction
conncect             connect
connetced            connected
conneted             connected
conotations          connotations
conquerd             conquered
conquerer            conqueror
conquerers           conquerors
conqured             conquered
conroller            controller
conscent             consent
consciouness         consciousness
consdider            consider
consdidered          considered
consdiered           considered
consectutive         consecutive
consenquently        consequently
consentrate          concentrate
consentrated         concentrated
consentrates         concentrates
consept              concept
consequentely        consequently
consequentually      consequently
consequeseces        consequences
consern              concern
conserned            concerned
conserning           concerning
conservativeky       conservatively
conservitive         conservative
consiciousness       consciousness
consicousness        consciousness
considerd            considered
consideres           considered
consious             conscious
consistancy          consistency
consistantly         consistently
consisten            consistent
consistuents         constituents
consiting            consisting
consits              consists
consituencies        constituencies
consituency          constituency
consituted           constituted
consitution          constitution
consitutional        constitutional
consolodate          consolidate
consolodated         consolidated
consonent            consonant
consonents           consonants
consorcium           consortium
conspiracys          conspiracies
conspiriator         conspirator
constained           constrained
constains            constrains
constaints           constraints
constanly            constantly
constarnation        consternation
constatn             constant
consteallation       constellation
constinually         continually
constituant          constituent
constituants         constituents
constituend          constituent
constituion          constitution
constituional        constitutional
constraucts          constructs
constriants          constraints
construciton         construction
consttruction        construction
constucts            constructs
consulant            consultant
consumate            consummate
consumated           consummated
contaiminate         contaminate
containes            contains
containg             containing
containst            contains
containted           contained
contamporaries       contemporaries
contamporary         contemporary
contant              contact
contants             constants
contempoary          contemporary
contemporaneus       contemporaneous
contempory           contemporary
contendor            contender
contentionz          contentions
conter               counter
contianers           containers
contibute            contribute_
contibuted           contributed_
contibutes           contributes_
contidions           conditions
contigent            contingent
contigious           contiguous
contiguosly          contiguously
contined             continued
contineous           continuous
contingous           contiguous
continous            continuous
continously          continuously
continueing          continuing
contnets             contents
contnue              continue
contorl              control
contraint            constraint
contraints           constraints
contravercial        controversial
contraversy          controversy
contributer          contributor
contributers         contributors
contrieved           contrived
contritutions        contributions
controled            controlled
controler            controller
controll             control
controlls            controls
controvercial        controversial
controvercy          controversy
controveries         controversies
controversal         controversial
controversey         controversy
controvertial        controversial
controvery           controversy
controvesial         controversial
contruct             construct
contructors          constructors
contstruction        construction
conveinent           convenient
convenant            covenant
convential           conventional
conventient          convenient
convergance          convergence
converions           conversions
converison           conversion
convertables         convertibles
convertion           conversion
convertor            converter
convertors           converters
conviced             convinced
convience            convenience
convienient          convenient
convinience          convenience
convinient           convenient
cookes               cookies
cooky                cookie
coonnect             connect
coontrol             control
coordiantion         coordination
cooresponding        corresponding
coorperation         cooperation
coorperations        corporations
copmetitors          competitors
copmilation          compilation
copmutations         computations
copntains            contains
coputer              computer
copyied              copied
copywrite            copyright
coridal              cordial
cornmitted           committed
corosion             corrosion
corparate            corporate
corperations         corporations
correcters           correctors
correponding         corresponding
correposding         corresponding
correspdoning        corresponding
correspending        corresponding
correspnding         corresponding
correspondance       correspondence
correspondances      correspondences
correspondant        correspondent
correspondants       correspondents
correspondig         corresponding
corresponging        corresponding
corresponing         corresponding
corridoors           corridors
corrispond           correspond
corrispondant        correspondent
corrispondants       correspondents
corrisponded         corresponded
corrisponding        corresponding
corrisponds          corresponds
corrspond            correspond
corse                coarse
cosntructed          constructed
costant              constant
costitution          constitution
cotact               contact
cotaints             constants
coucil               council
coudl                could
could't              couldn't
couldn               couldn't
councellor           councillor
councellors          councillors
counries             countries
counsellor           counselor
countains            contains
counterpoart         counterpart
countires            countries
countrie's           countries
coupld               couple
coururier            courier
couse                course
coverd               covered
coverted             converted
cpability            capability
cpecial              special
cpoy                 coy
creaeted             created
createa              create
creationg            creation
creedence            credence
critereon            criterion
criterias            criteria
criticised           criticized
criticists           critics
critising            criticising
critisising          criticising
critisism            criticism
critisisms           criticisms
critisize            criticise
critisized           criticised
critisizes           criticises
critisizing          criticising
critized             criticized
critizing            criticizing
crittical            critical
crockodiles          crocodiles
crowm                crown
crtical              critical
crticised            criticised
crucifiction         crucifixion
crusies              cruises
crystalisation       crystallisation
crytal               crystal
ctructure            structure
cuases               causes
culiminating         culminating
cumulatative         cumulative
cuntion              function
curch                church
curcuit              circuit
cureent              current
cureful              careful
curefully            carefully
curefuly             carefully
curently             currently
currect              current
currenly             currently
curretly             currently
curriculem           curriculum
currrent             current
customising          customizing
cuurent              current
cxan                 cyan
cyclinder            cylinder
daclaration          declaration
dacquiri             daiquiri
daed                 dead
dael                 deal
dai                  component
dalmation            dalmatian
damenor              demeanor
dammage              damage
dapendencies         dependencies
daplicating          duplicating
dasn't               doesn't
datad                data
daugher              daughter
daugther             daughter
deail                deal
dealilng             dealing
dealloacte           deallocate
dealte               delete
deamon               daemon
deapth               depth
debateable           debatable
debuging             debugging
deceision            decision
decend               descend
decendant            descendant
decendants           descendants
decendent            descendant
decendents           descendants
decideable           decidable
decidely             decidedly
decieved             deceived
decison              decision
declaratinos         declarations
declartion           declaration
declate              declare
decomissioned        decommissioned
decomposit           decompose
decomposited         decomposed
decompositing        decomposing
decomposits          decomposes
decompresed          decompressed
decompressd          decompressed
deconstructor        destructor
decrese              decrease
decress              decrees
decribe              describe
decribed             described
decribes             describes
decription           description
decriptor            descriptor
decriptors           descriptors
decsiptors           descriptors
dectect              detect
decyption            decryption
deeep                deep
defalt               default
defalts              defaults
defaut               default
defautls             defaults
defence              defense
defendent            defendant
defendents           defendants
defenition           definition
defering             deferring
deffensively         defensively
deffine              define
deffined             defined
deffinition          definition
defiened             defined
definance            defiance
definate             definite
definately           definitely
defination           definition
definatly            definitely
definetly            definitely
definit              definite
definiting           defining
definitly            definitely
definiton            definition
defitions            deviations
defrag               flags
defualt              default
degerate             degenerate
degrate              degrade
deinfition           definition
delagates            delegates
delapidated          dilapidated
delarations          declarations
delcarations         declarations
delcare              declare
delcared             declared
delerious            delirious
delevopment          development
deliberatly          deliberately
delimeter            delimiter
delimeters           delimiters
delimters            delimiters
deltification        compression
delusionally         delusively
dem                  den
demenor              demeanor
demographical        demographic
demolision           demolition
demorcracy           democracy
demostration         demonstration
denegrating          denigrating
densly               densely
dentifier            identifier
deocder              decoder
deparment            department
deparmental          departmental
deparments           departments
depdendence          dependence
depedent             dependent
dependance           dependence
dependancies         dependencies
dependancy           dependency
dependece            dependence
dependend            dependent
deram                dram
derectory            directory
deriviated           derived
derivitive           derivative
derogitory           derogatory
derrive              derive
derrived             derived
dervied              derived
descendands          descendants
descendents          descendants
descibed             described
desciptor            descriptor
desciptors           descriptors
descirptors          descriptors
descision            decision
descisions           decisions
describles           describes
describng            describing
descriibes           describes
descripor            descriptor
descripter           descriptor
descripters          descriptors
descriptoers         descriptors
descripton           description
descritor            descriptor
descrptor            descriptor
descrtiption         description
desctruction         destruction
desctructive         destructive
descuss              discuss
desgined             designed
deside               decide
desigining           designing
desinations          destinations
desing               design
desintegrated        disintegrated
desintegration       disintegration
desitned             destined
desktiop             desktop
desn't               doesn't
desorder             disorder
desoriented          disoriented
desparate            desperate
despict              depict
despiration          desperation
desribed             described
desriptors           descriptors
desscriptors         descriptors
dessicated           desiccated
dessigned            designed
dessire              desired
destablized          destabilized
destinarion          destination
destinated           destined
destinaton           destination
destintation         destination
destion              destination
destory              destroy
destuctible          destructible
detachs              detaches
detatched            detached
deteched             detached
detectin             detection
detemine             determine
deteoriated          deteriorated
deteriate            deteriorate
deterioriating       deteriorating
determaine           determine
determenistic        deterministic
determinating        determining
determing            determining
determinining        determining
determins            determines
detremental          detrimental
devasted             devastated
develope             develop
developement         development
developped           developed
developpement        development
develpers            developers
develpment           development
devels               delves
devestated           devastated
devestating          devastating
devic                device
devide               divide
devistating          devastating
devolopement         development
dewrapping           unwrapping
diable               disable
diabled              disabled
diablical            diabolical
diagnistic           diagnostic
diagnosable          diagnostible
diagnositc           diagnostic
diagonsed            diagnosed
dialling             dialing
diamons              diamonds
diaster              disaster
dichtomy             dichotomy
diconencted          disconnected
diconnects           disconnects
dicover              discover
dicovered            discovered
dicovering           discovering
dicovers             discovers
dicovery             discovery
dicussed             discussed
didnt                didn't
diea                 idea
diectly              directly
dieing               dying
dieties              deities
diety                deity
diference            difference
diferent             different
diferrent            different
differend            different
differentiatiations  differentiations
diffferent           different
difficulity          difficulty
diffrent             different
diffrentiate         differentiate
dificulties          difficulties
dificulty            difficulty
diiferent            different
dimenions            dimensions
dimensonal           dimensional
dimention            dimension
dimentional          dimensional
dimentions           dimensions
dimesions            dimensions
dimesnional          dimensional
diminuitive          diminutive
dimunitive           diminutive
diosese              diocese
diphtong             diphthong
diphtongs            diphthongs
diplay               display
diplomancy           diplomacy
dipthong             diphthong
dipthongs            diphthongs
dircetories          directories
direc                direct
direclty             directly
direcly              directly
direcotry            directory
directires           directories
directores           directories
directoy             directory
diretory             directory
dirived              derived
dirtyness            dirtiness
dirver               driver
disaable             disable
disabl               disable
disagreeed           disagreed
disapeared           disappeared
disapointing         disappointing
disappared           disappeared
disappearred         disappeared
disaproval           disapproval
disassebled          disassembled
disasterous          disastrous
disatisfaction       dissatisfaction
disatisfied          dissatisfied
disatrous            disastrous
disconected          disconnected
disconnet            disconnect
disconnnect          disconnect
discontentment       discontent
discribe             describe
discribed            described
discribes            describes
discribing           describing
discrminator         discriminator
disctinction         distinction
disctinctive         distinctive
disemination         dissemination
disenchanged         disenchanted
disgnostic           diagnostic
disiplined           disciplined
disobediance         disobedience
disobediant          disobedient
disolved             dissolved
disonnect            disconnect
disover              discover
dispair              despair
disparingly          disparagingly
dispence             dispense
dispenced            dispensed
dispencing           dispensing
dispicable           despicable
dispite              despite
displacment          displacement
dispostion           disposition
disproportiate       disproportionate
disputandem          disputandum
disregrad            disregard
disricts             districts
dissagreement        disagreement
dissapear            disappear
dissapearance        disappearance
dissapeared          disappeared
dissapearing         disappearing
dissapears           disappears
dissappear           disappear
dissappointed        disappointed
dissarray            disarray
dissble              disable
dissobediance        disobedience
dissobediant         disobedient
dissobedience        disobedience
dissobedient         disobedient
distiction           distinction
distictly            distinctly
distingish           distinguish
distingished         distinguished
distingishes         distinguishes
distingishing        distinguishing
distingiush          distinguish
distingquished       distinguished
distribtution        distributions
distributon          distribution
distroying           destroying
distrubution         distribution
distruction          destruction
distructive          destructive
ditributed           distributed
diversed             diverse
diverses             diverse
divice               device
divison              division
divisons             divisions
doccument            document
doccumented          documented
doccuments           documents
docrines             doctrines
doctines             doctrines
documenatry          documentary
documentaiton        documentation
documentaton         documentation
documentdescription  document_description
documentencoding     document_encoding
documention          documentation
documetnation        documentation
doen't               doesn't
doens                does
does't               doesn't
doesnot              doesn't
doesnt               doesn't
doign                doing
doiing               doing
dominaton            domination
dominent             dominant
dominiant            dominant
dommand              command
donig                doing
dont                 don't
dont't               don't
donwload             download
doorbels             doorbells
dosen't              doesn't
dosn't               doesn't
doub                 doubt
doulbe               double
dowloads             downloads
dpeth                depth
dramtic              dramatic
draught              drought
draughtman           draughtsman
drawin               darwin
dreampt              dreamed
dreamt               dreamed
dreasm               dreams
driectly             directly
drivr                driver
drnik                drink
drom                 from
droppped             dropped
drownd               drowned
drownded             drowned
drownding            drowning
drught               drought
druming              drumming
drummless            drumless
dtc                  etc
dum                  dumb
dupicate             duplicate
dupliate             duplicate
dur                  now
durig                during
durring              during
durting              during
duting               during
dyanmic              dynamic
dyas                 dryas
dymamically          dynamically
dynamicaly           dynamically
dynamiclly           dynamically
dynamicly            dynamically
dynmically           dynamically
eactly               exactly
eactual              actual
eahc                 each
ealier               earlier
earliers             earliest
earlies              earliest
earnt                earned
easiliy              easily
easilty              easily
ecclectic            eclectic
eceonomy             economy
ecidious             deciduous
eclispe              eclipse
ecomonic             economic
ect                  etc
editign              editing
eearly               early
efective             effective
efel                 evil
effeciency           efficiency
effecient            efficient
effeciently          efficiently
efficency            efficiency
efficent             efficient
efficently           efficiently
efford               effort
effords              efforts
effulence            effluence
egative              negative
egistered            registered
einrichten           setup
eiter                either
elction              election
electic              eclectic
electon              election
electrial            electrical
electricly           electrically
electricty           electricity
elementay            elementary
eleminated           eliminated
eleminating          eliminating
eles                 eels
eletricity           electricity
elicided             elicited
eligable             eligible
elimentary           elementary
elipsis              ellipsis
ellected             elected
elments              elements
elphant              elephant
els                  else
embarass             embarrass
embarassed           embarrassed
embarassing          embarrassing
embarassment         embarrassment
embargos             embargoes
embarras             embarrass
embarrased           embarrassed
embarrasing          embarrassing
embarrasment         embarrassment
embeded              embedded
embezelled           embezzled
emblamatic           emblematic
eminate              emanate
eminated             emanated
emision              emission
emited               emitted
emiting              emitting
emition              emission
emmediately          immediately
emmigrated           emigrated
emminent             eminent
emminently           eminently
emmisaries           emissaries
emmisarries          emissaries
emmisarry            emissary
emmisary             emissary
emmision             emission
emmisions            emissions
emmited              emitted
emmiting             emitting
emmitted             emitted
emmitting            emitting
emnity               enmity
emperical            empirical
emphaised            emphasised
emphasised           emphasized
emphsis              emphasis
emphysyma            emphysema
empirial             empirical
emprisoned           imprisoned
enabale              enable
enalbe               enable
enameld              enameled
enchanced            enhanced
enchancement         enhancement
encounted            encountered
encouraing           encouraging
encription           encryption
encryptiion          encryption
encryptiong          encryption
encryt               encrypt
encrytion            encryption
encylopedia          encyclopedia
endable              enable
endevors             endeavors
endevour             endeavour
endig                ending
endolithes           endoliths
enduce               induce
ened                 need
enery                energy
enflamed             inflamed
enforceing           enforcing
engagment            engagement
engeneer             engineer
engeneering          engineering
engieneer            engineer
engieneers           engineers
enhancd              enhanced
enlargable           enlargeable
enlargment           enlargement
enlargments          enlargements
enoguh               enough
enought              enough
enougth              enough
enourmous            enormous
enourmously          enormously
enrty                entry
ensconsed            ensconced
entaglements         entanglements
ententries           entries
enteratinment        entertainment
entereing            entering
enteries             entries
enthusiatic          enthusiastic
entires              entries
entitiesa            entities
entitity             entity
entitlied            entitled
entrepeneur          entrepreneur
entrepeneurs         entrepreneurs
entrries             entries
entrys               entries
enty                 entry
enumberate           enumerate
enumberating         enumerating
enviorment           environment
enviormental         environmental
enviormentally       environmentally
enviorments          environments
enviornment          environment
enviornmental        environmental
enviornmentalist     environmentalist
enviornmentally      environmentally
enviornments         environments
enviroment           environment
enviromental         environmental
enviromentalist      environmentalist
enviromentally       environmentally
enviroments          environments
envolutionary        evolutionary
envrionments         environments
enxt                 next
epidsodes            episodes
epsiode              episode
equaly               equally
equialent            equivalent
equilibium           equilibrium
equilibrum           equilibrium
equiped              equipped
equippment           equipment
equitorial           equatorial
equivelant           equivalent
equivelent           equivalent
equivilant           equivalent
equivilent           equivalent
equivlalent          equivalent
erally               orally
eratic               erratic
eratically           erratically
eraticly             erratically
erested              arrested
eror                 error
erreur               error
errorneous           erroneous
errror               error
errupted             erupted
esclude              exclude
esential             essential
esitmated            estimated
esle                 else
especialy            especially
essencial            essential
essense              essence
essentail            essential
essentialy           essentially
essentual            essential
essesital            essential
estabishes           establishes
establising          establishing
ethnocentricm        ethnocentrism
ethose               those
etnries              entries
evalutation          evaluation
evaluted             evaluated
evaulated            evaluated
evenhtually          eventually
eventally            eventually
eventhough           even_though
eventially           eventually
eventualy            eventually
everthing            everything
everyhting           everything
everytime            every_time
everyting            everything
eveyr                every
evice                device
evidentally          evidently
exaclty              exactly
exacly               exactly
exagerate            exaggerate
exagerated           exaggerated
exagerates           exaggerates
exagerating          exaggerating
exagerrate           exaggerate
exagerrated          exaggerated
exagerrates          exaggerates
exagerrating         exaggerating
examinated           examined
examing              examining
exampt               exempt
exapansion           expansion
exausting            exhausting
exaxt                exact
excact               exact
excange              exchange
excapt               except
excecute             execute
excecuted            executed
excecutes            executes
excecuting           executing
excecution           execution
excedded             exceeded
excelent             excellent
excell               excel
excellance           excellence
excellant            excellent
excells              excels
excercise            exercise
excetion             exception
exceuting            executing
exchanching          exchanging
excisted             existed
exculsivly           exclusively
excution             execution
execising            exercising
execpt               except
exection             execution
exectued             executed
execuetable          executable
exeed                exceed
exeedingly           exceedingly
exeeds               exceeds
exelent              excellent
exellent             excellent
exemple              example
exended              extended
exept                except
exeptional           exceptional
exerbate             exacerbate
exerbated            exacerbated
exerciese            exercises
exerpt               excerpt
exerpts              excerpts
exersize             exercise
exerternal           external
exexutable           executable
exhalted             exalted
exhibtion            exhibition
exibition            exhibition
exibitions           exhibitions
exicting             exciting
exinct               extinct
exising              existing
exisit               exists
exisiting            existing
existance            existence
existince            existence
exlamation           exclamation
exlicitly            explicitly
exliled              exiled
exludes              excludes
exlusion             exclusion
exmaple              example
exonorate            exonerate
exoskelaton          exoskeleton
expalin              explain
expasion             expansion
expatriot            expatriate
expeced              expected
expecially           especially
expectes             expects
expeditonary         expeditionary
expeiments           experiments
expell               expel
expells              expels
experiance           experience
experianced          experienced
expiditions          expeditions
expierence           experience
expilicitely         explicitly
explaination         explanation
explaning            explaining
explicited           explicitly
explicitlyy          explicitly
explict              explicit
explictly            explicitly
explitly             explicitly
exploititive         exploitative
explose              expose
explotation          exploitation
exposant             exponents
expresion            expression
expropiated          expropriated
expropiation         expropriation
exressed             expressed
extemely             extremely
extenal              external
extendsions          extensions
extened              extended
extenstion           extension
extention            extension
extentions           extensions
extered              exerted
extermist            extremist
externa              external
extint               extinct
extradiction         extradition
extraterrestial      extraterrestrial
extraterrestials     extraterrestrials
extravagent          extravagant
extrememly           extremely
extremeophile        extremophile
extremly             extremely
extrordinarily       extraordinarily
extrordinary         extraordinary
eyar                 year
eyars                years
eyasr                years
faciliate            facilitate
faciliated           facilitated
faciliates           facilitates
facilites            facilities
facillitate          facilitate
facinated            fascinated
facist               fascist
factoriel            factorial
factorisation        factorization
faield               failed
faild                failed
failue               failure
fainess              fairness
familar              familiar
familes              families
familiies            families
familliar            familiar
famoust              famous
fanatism             fanaticism
fastly               rapidly
fatc                 fact
faught               fought
favour               favor
favoured             favored
favoutrable          favourable
fconst               first
feasable             feasible
featues              features
fedreally            federally
feromone             pheromone
fertily              fertility
feuille              caster
fianite              finite
fianlly              finally
fichier              type
ficticious           fictitious
fictious             fictitious
fidliest             fiddliest
fidn                 find
fieldm               field
fiels                feels
fiercly              fiercely
fightings            fighting
fileds               fields
fileevent            close
filesytem            filesystem
filiament            filament
filterring           filtering
filterting           filtering
fimilies             families
finacial             financial
finaize              finalize
finaly               finally
financialy           financially
finializer           prepared
finised              finished
finr                 finds
fireing              firing
firends              friends
firmare              firmware
firmawre             firmware
firts                flirts
firware              firmware
fisionable           fissionable
flagg                flag
flamable             flammable
flattenning          flattening
flavours             flavors
flawess              flawless
fleed                fled
flg                  flag
flgs                 deletion
fliter               filter
floatting            floating
florescent           fluorescent
flourescent          fluorescent
flourine             fluorine
flourishment         flourishing
fluorish             flourish
foced                forced
foces                forces
focussed             focused
folloing             following
follwed              followed
follwing             following
follwoing            following
folowing             following
fomed                formed
fomr                 from
fon                  on
fonction             function
fonctions            divers
fonetic              phonetic
fontrier             fontier
foootball            football
fopund               found
forbad               forbade
forbiden             forbidden
forbitten            forbidden
forcedly             forcibly
foreigh              foreign
foreward             foreword
forfiet              forfeit
forhead              forehead
foriegn              foreign
formallize           formalize
formallized          formalized
formaly              formally
formated             formatted
formating            formatting
formelly             formerly
formidible           formidable
formost              foremost
formular             formula
forsaw               foresaw
forseeable           foreseeable
fortelling           foretelling
forunner             forerunner
fot                  for
foucs                focus
foudn                found
fougth               fought
foundaries           foundries
foundary             foundry
fourties             forties
fourty               forty
fouth                fourth
foward               forward
fpga                 base
fractionnal          fractional
frane                frame
fredrik              recursive
freezed              frozen
freind               friend
freindly             friendly
freqency             frequency
frequence            frequency
frequentily          frequently
frome                from
fromed               formed
froniter             frontier
frozes               freezes
ftrace               function
fucntion             function
fucntioning          functioning
fuctions             functions
fufill               fulfill
fufilled             fulfilled
fulfil               fulfill
fulfiled             fulfilled
fullfill             fulfill
fullfilled           fulfilled
funciton             function
funcitons            functions
funcrtion            function
functiion            function
functins             functions
functio              function
functionaly          functionality
functios             function
functiosn            functions
functon              function
fundametal           fundamental
fundametals          fundamentals
funguses             fungi
funtion              function
funtions             functions
furuther             further
futher               further
futhermore           furthermore
futhroc              futhark
futrue               future
gae                  game
galatic              galactic
gallaxies            galaxies
galvinized           galvanized
gama                 gamma
gamme                gamma
ganerate             generate
ganes                games
ganster              gangster
garantee             guarantee
garanteed            guaranteed
garantees            guarantees
garnison             garrison
gathtered            gathered
gaurantee            guarantee
gauranteed           guaranteed
gaurantees           guarantees
gaurd                guard
gaurentee            guarantee
gaurenteed           guaranteed
gaurentees           guarantees
geneological         genealogical
geneologies          genealogies
geneology            genealogy
generaly             generally
generatting          generating
genereate            generate
genialia             genitalia
geographicial        geographical
geometrician         geometer
geometricians        geometers
gerat                great
gestion              handling
gived                given
glight               flight
gloabl               global
globablly            globally
gnawwed              gnawed
godess               goddess
godesses             goddesses
gogin                going
goign                going
gonig                going
gopack               pack
gouvener             governor
govement             government
govenment            government
govenrment           government
goverance            governance
goverment            government
govermental          governmental
governer             governor
governmnet           government
govorment            government
govormental          governmental
govornment           government
gpios                status
gracefull            graceful
gradiant             gradient
gradientes           gradients
graet                great
grafitti             graffiti
grahic               graphic
gramatically         grammatically
grammaticaly         grammatically
grammer              grammar
granilarity          granularity
granuality           granularity
grat                 great
gratuitious          gratuitous
greatful             grateful
greatfully           gratefully
greif                grief
greter               greater
gridles              griddles
gropu                group
grwo                 grow
guage                gauge
guaranted            guaranteed
guarantes            guarantees
guarentee            guarantee
guarenteed           guaranteed
guarentees           guarantees
guerrila             guerrilla
guerrilas            guerrillas
guidence             guidance
guidlines            guidelines
gunanine             guanine
gurantee             guarantee
guranteed            guaranteed
gurantees            guarantees
guranty              guarantee
guttaral             guttural
gutteral             guttural
haandle              handle
habaeus              habeas
habe                 have
habeus               habeas
haemorrage           haemorrhage
haev                 have
halarious            hilarious
halp                 help
halway               halfway
hammmer              hammer
handlin              handling
hanlde               handle
hapen                happen
hapened              happened
hapening             happening
happear              appear
happend              happened
happended            happened
happenes             happens
happenned            happened
happense             happens
harased              harassed
harases              harasses
harasment            harassment
harasments           harassments
harassement          harassment
hardare              hardware
harras               harass
harrased             harassed
harrases             harasses
harrasing            harassing
harrasment           harassment
harrasments          harassments
harrassed            harassed
harrasses            harassed
harrassing           harassing
harrassment          harassment
harrassments         harassments
harware              hardware
hasnt                hasn't
haviest              heaviest
hba                  interface
heado                head
headquarer           headquarter
headquater           headquarter
headquatered         headquartered
headquaters          headquarters
healthercare         healthcare
heared               heard
heatbeat             heartbeat
heathy               healthy
heayy                heavy
heigher              higher
heigth               height
heirachical          hierarchical
heirachy             hierarchy
heirarchies          hierarchies
heirarchy            hierarchy
heiroglyphics        hieroglyphics
helment              helmet
helpfull             helpful
helpped              helped
hemmorhage           hemorrhage
hepler               helper
herad                heard
heridity             heredity
heroe                hero
heros                heroes
hertiage             heritage
hertzs               hertz
hesistant            hesitant
heterogenous         heterogeneous
heuristcs            heuristic
hieght               height
hierachical          hierarchical
hierachy             hierarchy
hierarachies         hierarchies
hierarcical          hierarchical
hierarcy             hierarchy
hierarhical          hierarchical
hieroglph            hieroglyph
hieroglphs           hieroglyphs
higer                higher
higest               highest
hight                height
higway               highway
hillarious           hilarious
himselv              himself
hinderance           hindrance
hinderence           hindrance
hindrence            hindrance
hipopotamus          hippopotamus
hismelf              himself
histocompatability   histocompatibility
histoical            historical
historicians         historians
hitsingles           hit_singles
holf                 hold
holliday             holiday
homestate            home_state
homogeneize          homogenize
homogeneized         homogenized
hompage              homepage
honory               honorary
horisontal           horizontal
horizonal            horizontal
horrendeously        horrendously
horrifing            horrifying
hosited              hoisted
hospitible           hospitable
hounour              honour
housr                hours
howver               however
hsitorians           historians
hsot                 host
hsould               should
hstory               history
hten                 then
htere                there
htey                 they
htikn                think
hting                thing
htink                think
htis                 this
humer                humor
humerous             humorous
huminoid             humanoid
humoural             humoral
humurous             humorous
hundredsof           hundreds_of
husban               husband
hvae                 have
hvaing               having
hvea                 have
hwihc                which
hwile                while
hwole                whole
hxphonon             helix
hydogen              hydrogen
hydropile            hydrophile
hydropilic           hydrophilic
hydropobe            hydrophobe
hydropobic           hydrophobic
hygeine              hygiene
hypen                hyphen
hypocracy            hypocrisy
hypocrasy            hypocrisy
hypocricy            hypocrisy
hypocrit             hypocrite
hypocrits            hypocrites
hypothetic           hypothetical
iamge                image
iconclastic          iconoclastic
idaeidae             idea
idaes                ideas
ide                  idea
idealogies           ideologies
idealogy             ideology
idel                 idle
idenitify            identify
identicial           identical
identifeir           identifier
identifers           identifiers
ideosyncratic        idiosyncratic
idesa                ideas
idiosyncracy         idiosyncrasy
ignoreing            ignoring
igonred              ignored
ile                  file
illegimacy           illegitimacy
illegitmate          illegitimate
illess               illness
illiegal             illegal
illution             illusion
ilness               illness
ilogical             illogical
imagenary            imaginary
imagimary            imaginary
imagin               imagine
imaginery            imaginary
imanent              eminent
imblance             imbalance
imcomplete           incomplete
ime                  time
imediately           immediately
imense               immense
imigrant             emigrant
imigrated            emigrated
imigration           emigration
iminent              eminent
imlpemented          implemented
immedialty           immediately
immediatelly         immediately
immediatley          immediately
immediatly           immediately
immidately           immediately
immidiately          immediately
immitate             imitate
immitated            imitated
immitating           imitating
immitator            imitator
immmediately         immediately
immuniy              immunity
immunosupressant     immunosuppressant
imoprt               import
impecabbly           impeccably
impedence            impedance
impiled              implied
implamenting         implementing
implcit              implicit
implelement          implemented
implemenation        implementation
implemenetation      implementation
implementatation     implementation
implicity            implicitly
impliment            implement
implimentation       implementation
implimented          implemented
implmentation        implementation
imploys              employs
importamt            important
importwhichant       important
imporve              improve
impressario          impresario
imprioned            imprisoned
imprisonned          imprisoned
improvision          improvisation
improvments          improvements
inablility           inability
inaccessable         inaccessible
inadiquate           inadequate
inadquate            inadequate
inadvertant          inadvertent
inadvertantly        inadvertently
inagurated           inaugurated
inaguration          inauguration
inappropiate         inappropriate
inaugures            inaugurates
inbalance            imbalance
inbalanced           imbalanced
inbetween            between
incarcirated         incarcerated
incidentially        incidentally
incidently           incidentally
incldued             included
incling              inkling
inclreased           increased
includ               include
includeing           including
includng             including
inclue               include
incomming            incoming
incompatabilities    incompatibilities
incompatability      incompatibility
incompatable         incompatible
incompatablities     incompatibilities
incompatablity       incompatibility
incompatibilites     incompatibilities
incompatiblities     incompatibilities
incompatiblity       incompatibility
incompetance         incompetence
incompetant          incompetent
incompete            incomplete
incomptable          incompatible
incomptetent         incompetent
incomptible          incompatible
inconflict           conflict
inconsistant         inconsistent
incoroporated        incorporated
incorperation        incorporation
incorportaed         incorporated
incorprates          incorporates
incorruptable        incorruptible
incosistent          inconsistent
incramentally        incrementally
increadible          incredible
increasesd           increased
incredable           incredible
incremantal          incremental
incremeneted         incremented
inctroduce           introduce
inctroduced          introduced
incuding             including
incunabla            incunabula
indecies             indices
indefinately         indefinitely
indefineable         undefinable
indefinitly          indefinitely
indended             intended
indentantion         indentation
indentical           identical
indentifiers         identifiers
indentify            identify
indepedantly         independently
indepedence          independence
independance         independence
independant          independent
independantly        independently
independece          independence
independed           independent
independend          independent
independendet        independent
indespensable        indispensable
indespensible        indispensable
indexig              indexing
indice               index
indiciating          indicating
indicies             indices
indictement          indictment
indigineous          indigenous
indipendence         independence
indipendent          independent
indipendently        independently
indispensible        indispensable
indisputible         indisputable
indisputibly         indisputably
indite               indict
individial           individual
individualy          individually
indiviual            individual
indpendent           independent
indpendently         independently
indulgue             indulge
indutrial            industrial
indvidual            individual
indviduals           individuals
inefficienty         inefficiently
inegality            inequality
ineqality            inequality
inerfaces            interfaces
inerrupt             interrupt
inevatible           inevitable
inevitible           inevitable
inevititably         inevitably
infalability         infallibility
infallable           infallible
infeasible           unfeasible
infectuous           infectious
infered              inferred
infilitrate          infiltrate
infilitrated         infiltrated
infilitration        infiltration
infinit              infinite
inflamation          inflammation
influencial          influential
influented           influenced
infomation           information
informtion           information
infrantryman         infantryman
infrastruture        infrastructure
infrigement          infringement
ingenius             ingenious
ingnored             ignored
ingore               ignore
ingreediants         ingredients
inhabitans           inhabitants
inherantly           inherently
inheritage           heritage
inheritence          inheritance
inhertied            inherited
inialization         initialization
inicated             indicated
initailize           initialize
inital               initial
initalise            initialize
initalising          initializing
initalization        initialization
initalize            initialize
initalized           initialized
initalizes           initializes
initalizing          initializing
initally             initially
initation            initiation
initiaitive          initiative
initialied           initialized
initialised          initialized
initialising         initializing
initialitation       initialization
initializaiton       initialization
initilializes        initializes
initilization        initialization
inits                initializes
inlcude              include
inlcuding            including
inluence             influence
inmigrant            immigrant
inmigrants           immigrants
innoculated          inoculated
inocence             innocence
inofficial           unofficial
inot                 into
inpeach              impeach
inplicitly           implicitly
inpolite             impolite
inpossible           impossible
inprisonment         imprisonment
inproving            improving
insde                inside
insectiverous        insectivorous
insensative          insensitive
inseperable          inseparable
insistance           insistence
insitution           institution
insitutions          institutions
inspite              in_spite
instace              instance
instad               instead
instade              instead
instaed              instead
instansiated         instantiated
instatance           instance
inster               insert
institue             institute
instrucion           instruction
instuction           instruction
instuments           instruments
insturction          instruction
instutionalized      institutionalized
instutions           intuitions
insurence            insurance
inteface             interface
intefere             interfere
intelectual          intellectual
inteligence          intelligence
inteligent           intelligent
intenational         international
intented             intended
intentioned          intended
intepretation        interpretation
intepretator         interpretor
interational         international
interator            iterator
interbread           interbreed
interchangable       interchangeable
interchangably       interchangeably
intercontinetal      intercontinental
interctive           interactive
intered              interred
intereface           interface
interelated          interrelated
intererval           interval
interes              interest
interesing           interesting
interferance         interference
interfereing         interfering
intergrated          integrated
intergration         integration
interleavings        interleaving
interm               interim
internaly            internally
internation          international
interogating         interrogating
interpet             interpret
interpeter           interpreter
interporated         interpolated
interpretted         interpreted
interrested          interested
interrim             interim
interrrupt           interrupt
interrrupts          interrupts
interrugum           interregnum
interrup             interrupt
interruped           interrupted
interrutps           interrupts
intertaining         entertaining
interupt             interrupt
interupted           interrupted
intervines           intervenes
intevene             intervene
intial               initial
intialization        initialization
intializing          initializing
intially             initially
intrduced            introduced
intrest              interest
introducting         introducing
introdued            introduced
intrrupt             interrupt
intruction           instruction
intruduced           introduced
intrument            instrument
intrumental          instrumental
intruments           instruments
intrusted            entrusted
intutive             intuitive
intutively           intuitively
inudstry             industry
inumerable           enumerable
inventer             inventor
invertibrates        invertebrates
investingate         investigate
invokation           invocation
involvment           involvement
irelevent            irrelevant
iresistable          irresistible
iresistably          irresistibly
iresistible          irresistible
iresistibly          irresistibly
iritable             irritable
iritated             irritated
ironicly             ironically
irregardless         regardless
irrelevent           irrelevant
irreplacable         irreplaceable
irresistable         irresistible
irresistably         irresistibly
isnt                 isn't
isochronous          interrupt
isssue               issue
isssues              issues
issueing             issuing
issuse               issues
ist                  is
itemzied             itemized
iteraion             iteration
iterrupt             interrupt
itnroduced           introduced
iunior               junior
iwll                 will
iwth                 with
jaques               jacques
jbects               objects
jeapardy             jeopardy
jewllery             jewellery
joinning             joining
jorunal              journal
jouney               journey
journied             journeyed
journies             journeys
jstu                 just
jsut                 just
judical              judicial
judisuary            judiciary
juducial             judicial
juristiction         jurisdiction
juristictions        jurisdictions
justication          justification
ke                   key
kenrel               kernel
keyward              keyword
keywoards            keywords
kindergarden         kindergarten
klenex               kleenex
knifes               knives
knive                knife
knowlege             knowledge
knowlegeable         knowledgeable
knwo                 know
knwos                knows
konw                 know
konws                knows
kown                 knows
kwno                 know
labatory             lavatory
lable                label
labled               labelled
labratory            laboratory
lagout               layout
laguage              language
laguages             languages
laoded               loaded
larg                 large
largst               largest
larrry               larry
lastes               latest
lastest              latest
lastr                last
lattitude            latitude
lauching             launching
launchs              launch
launhed              launched
lavae                larvae
lavers               layers
layed                laid
lazyness             laziness
leage                league
leanr                lean
learnt               learned
leathal              lethal
lefted               left
legact               legacy
legel                legal
legitamate           legitimate
legitmate            legitimate
leibnitz             leibniz
lelements            elements
lenget               length
lengh                length
lenght               length
leni                 status
lenth                length
leran                learn
leraned              learned
lerans               learns
les                  less
lesat                least
leutenant            lieutenant
levetate             levitate
levetated            levitated
levetates            levitates
levetating           levitating
levle                level
liasion              liaison
liason               liaison
liasons              liaisons
libary               library
libell               libel
libguistic           linguistic
libguistics          linguistics
libitarianisn        libertarianism
lible                libel
libraray             library
licence              license
lieing               lying
liek                 like
liekd                liked
liesure              leisure
lieuenant            lieutenant
lieved               lived
liftime              lifetime
lightyear            light_year
lightyears           light_years
likelyhood           likelihood
limiation            limitation
limitiation          limitation
linebuffered         buffered
linnaena             linnaean
lippizaner           lipizzaner
liquify              liquefy
liscense             license
lisence              license
lisense              license
listners             listeners
litature             literature
literaly             literally
literture            literature
littel               little
litterally           literally
liuke                like
livley               lively
lmits                limits
localtion            location
locgical             logical
loev                 love
loging               logging
logrithm             logarithm
lonelyness           loneliness
longitudonal         longitudinal
lonley               lonely
lonly                lonely
looop                loop
loosing              losing
lossage              loss
lotharingen          lothringen
lsat                 last
lukid                likud
lveo                 love
lvoe                 love
mabilbox             mailbox
machien              machine
mackeral             mackerel
macors               macros
madatory             mandatory
madk                 mask
magasine             magazine
magincian            magician
magnificient         magnificent
magolia              magnolia
mailny               mainly
maintainance         maintenance
maintainence         maintenance
maintaing            maintaining
maintance            maintenance
maintenence          maintenance
maintinaing          maintaining
maintioned           mentioned
majoroty             majority
maked                marked
makeing              making
makr                 make
makse                makes
maltesian            Maltese
mamal                mammal
mamalian             mammalian
mamimum              maximum
managable            manageable
managerment          management
managment            management
manangers            managers
mandagtory           mandatory
maneouvre            manoeuvre
maneouvred           manoeuvred
maneouvres           manoeuvres
maneouvring          manoeuvring
manisfestations      manifestations
manisfested          manifested
mannor               manner
mano                 man
manoeuverability     maneuverability
manouver             maneuver
manouverability      maneuverability
manouverable         maneuverable
manouvers            maneuvers
mantained            maintained
manuever             maneuver
manuevers            maneuvers
manufacturedd        manufactured
manufature           manufacture
manufatured          manufactured
manufaturing         manufacturing
manuver              maneuver
maping               mapping
mariage              marriage
marjority            majority
markes               marks
marketting           marketing
marmelade            marmalade
marrage              marriage
marraige             marriage
marrtyred            martyred
marryied             married
marshalled           marshaled
massmedia            mass_media
masterbation         masturbation
mataphysical         metaphysical
matchers             marchers
matcing              matching
materalists          materialist
mathamatics          mathematics
mathematican         mathematician
mathematicas         mathematics
matheticians         mathematicians
mathmatically        mathematically
mathmatician         mathematician
mathmaticians        mathematicians
mathod               method
matris               matrix
matster              master
maxfire              expires
maxium               maximum
mccarthyst           mccarthyist
mchanics             mechanics
meaninless           meaningless
meaninng             meaning
meansing             meanings
mear                 wear
measurment           measurement
measurments          measurements
mechandise           merchandise
mechanisim           mechanism
mechinery            engine
mechnanism           mechanism
mechnism             mechanism
medacine             medicine
medeival             medieval
medevial             medieval
mediciney            mediciny
medievel             medieval
mediterainnean       mediterranean
meens                means
meerkrat             meerkat
mehanism             mechanism
melieux              milieux
membranaphone        membranophone
memeber              member
menally              mentally
meory                memory
meranda              veranda
mercentile           mercantile
merked               marked
messanger            messenger
messenging           messaging
messsage             message
metalic              metallic
metalurgic           metallurgic
metalurgical         metallurgical
metalurgy            metallurgy
metamorphysis        metamorphosis
metaphoricial        metaphorical
meterologist         meteorologist
meterology           meteorology
methaphor            metaphor
methaphors           metaphors
methord              method
mian                 main
micoscopy            microscopy
microcod             microcode
midwifes             midwives
migth                might
mileau               milieu
milennia             millennia
milennium            millennium
mileu                milieu
miliary              military
milion               million
miliraty             military
miliseconds          milliseconds
millenia             millennia
millenial            millennial
millenialism         millennialism
millenium            millennium
millepede            millipede
millioniare          millionaire
millitary            military
millon               million
miltary              military
mimick               mimic
mimicks              mimics
mimimum              minimum
minature             miniature
minerial             mineral
minimalization       minimization
minimise             minimize
minimium             minimum
miniscule            minuscule
ministery            ministry
minstries            ministries
minstry              ministry
minumum              minimum
mirrorred            mirrored
misaliged            misaligned
miscelaneous         miscellaneous
miscellanious        miscellaneous
miscellanous         miscellaneous
mischeivous          mischievous
mischevious          mischievous
mischievious         mischievous
misdameanor          misdemeanor
misdameanors         misdemeanors
misdemenor           misdemeanor
misdemenors          misdemeanors
misfourtunes         misfortunes
misile               missile
mising               missing
mispell              misspell
mispelled            misspelled
mispelling           misspelling
misppelling          misspelling
mispronounciation    mispronunciation
missen               mizzen
missle               missile
missonary            missionary
mistakte             mistake
misterious           mysterious
mistery              mystery
misteryous           mysterious
mkae                 make
mkaes                makes
mkaing               making
mkea                 make
modefied             modified
moderm               modem
modifcation          modification
modifed              modified
modifing             modifying
modifiying           modify
modle                model
modul                module
moent                moment
moeny                money
mohammedans          muslims
moleclues            molecules
momento              memento
monestaries          monasteries
monestary            monastery
monickers            monikers
monolite             monolithic
montains             mountains
montanous            mountainous
monts                months
montypic             monotypic
moodified            modified
mordern              modern
moreso               more
morgage              mortgage
morroccan            moroccan
morrocco             morocco
morroco              morocco
mortage              mortgage
mosture              moisture
mosue                mouse
motiviated           motivated
moule                module
mounth               month
movei                movie
movment              movement
mroe                 more
mucuous              mucous
muder                murder
mudering             murdering
muhammadan           muslim
muiltiple            multiple
mulipexed            multiplexed
muliple              multiple
multicultralism      multiculturalism
multipled            multiplied
multiplers           multipliers
multipliciaton       multiplication
multipy              multiply
multitouch           touch
munbers              numbers
muncipalities        municipalities
muncipality          municipality
munnicipality        municipality
muscels              mussels
muscial              musical
muscician            musician
muscicians           musicians
musrt                must
mutiliated           mutilated
mutiple              multiple
mutliple             multiple
myraid               myriad
mysef                myself
mysogynist           misogynist
mysogyny             misogyny
mysterous            mysterious
naieve               naive
naturaly             naturally
naturely             naturally
naturual             natural
naturually           naturally
neccesarily          necessarily
neccesary            necessary
neccessarily         necessarily
neccessities         necessities
neceressary          necessary
necesarily           necessarily
necesary             necessary
necessarilly         necessarily
necessarry           necessary
necessaryly          necessarily
necessiate           necessitate
ned                  need
needeed              needed
needes               needs
neeed                needed
neeeded              needed
neet                 need
negativate           negative
negatiye             negative
neglible             negligible
negligable           negligible
negociate            negotiate
negociation          negotiation
negociations         negotiations
negotation           negotiation
neice                niece
neigborhood          neighborhood
neigbour             neighbour
neigbourhood         neighbourhood
neigbouring          neighbouring
neigbours            neighbours
neighbours           neighbors
neolitic             neolithic
nessasarily          necessarily
nessecary            necessary
nessesary            necessary
nestin               nesting
neve                 never
neverthless          nevertheless
newletters           newsletters
newn                 next
nework               network
nickle               nickel
nightime             nighttime
nineth               ninth
ninteenth            nineteenth
ninties              1990s
ninty                ninety
nkow                 know
nkwo                 know
nmae                 name
nned                 need
noin                 none
noncombatents        noncombatants
nonexistant          nonexistent
nonsence             nonsense
nontheless           nonetheless
noone                no_one
noral                normal
norhern              northern
normalisation        normalization
northen              northern
northereastern       northeastern
notabley             notably
noteable             notable
noteably             notably
noteriety            notoriety
noth                 north
nother               other
nothern              northern
noticable            noticeable
noticably            noticeably
noticeing            noticing
noticible            noticeable
notificaition        notification
notwhithstanding     notwithstanding
noveau               nouveau
nowdays              nowadays
nowe                 now
nthe                 the
nto                  not
nuber                number
nucular              nuclear
nuculear             nuclear
nuisanse             nuisance
numberous            numerous
numebers             numbers
numercial            numerical
nusance              nuisance
nutritent            nutrient
nutritents           nutrients
nuturing             nurturing
nxt                  next
obediance            obedience
obediant             obedient
obession             obsession
obious               obvious
objets               objects
obscur               obscure
obsolte              obsolete
obssessed            obsessed
obstacal             obstacle
obstancles           obstacles
obstruced            obstructed
obtaines             obtains
ocal                 local
ocasion              occasion
ocasional            occasional
ocasionally          occasionally
ocasionaly           occasionally
ocasioned            occasioned
ocasions             occasions
ocassion             occasion
ocassional           occasional
ocassionally         occasionally
ocassionaly          occasionally
ocassioned           occasioned
ocassions            occasions
occaison             occasion
occassion            occasion
occassional          occasional
occassionally        occasionally
occassionaly         occasionally
occassioned          occasioned
occassions           occasions
occationally         occasionally
occcured             occurred
occor                occur
occour               occur
occoured             occurred
occurance            occurrence
occurances           occurrences
occure               occur
occurence            occurrence
occurences           occurrences
occures              occurs
occuring             occurring
occurr               occur
occurrance           occurrence
occurrances          occurrences
occurrs              occurs
octect               octet
octohedra            octahedra
octohedral           octahedral
octohedron           octahedron
ocuntries            countries
ocuntry              country
ocurr                occur
ocurrance            occurrence
ocurred              occurred
ocurrence            occurrence
oder                 order
oentry               entry
oeprator             operator
offcers              officers
offcially            officially
offereings           offerings
offfset              offset
offical              official
offically            officially
officals             officials
officaly             officially
officialy            officially
offred               offered
ofset                offset
oftenly              often
oging                going
ok                   OK
omision              omission
omited               omitted
omiting              omitting
omlette              omelette
ommision             omission
ommited              omitted
ommiting             omitting
ommitting            omitting
omniverous           omnivorous
omniverously         omnivorously
omptimized           optimized
omre                 more
onlyl                only
onnected             connected
onot                 note
onterested           interested
ony                  only
onyl                 only
openess              openness
operatons            operations
opertion             operation
opertional           operational
oplock               execution
oponent              opponent
oportunity           opportunity
opose                oppose
oposite              opposite
oposition            opposition
oppenly              openly
oppinion             opinion
opponant             opponent
oppononent           opponent
opportunisticly      opportunistically
oppositition         opposition
oppossed             opposed
opprotunity          opportunity
opration             operation
opression            oppression
opressive            oppressive
oprtation            operation
optain               obtain
optall               all
opthalmic            ophthalmic
opthalmologist       ophthalmologist
opthalmology         ophthalmology
opthamologist        ophthalmologist
optimise             optimize
optimised            optimized
optimze              optimize
optinally            optionally
optiobns             options
optionnal            optional
optmizations         optimizations
optmized             optimized
optoinally           optionally
optomism             optimism
orded                ordered
orderd               ordered
organim              organism
organisation         organization
organistion          organisation
organiztion          organization
orgin                origin
orginal              original
orginally            originally
oridinarily          ordinarily
origanaly            originally
originall            original
originaly            originally
originially          originally
originnally          originally
origional            original
orignally            originally
orignially           originally
otehr                other
otehrwise            otherwise
othen                other
otherwis             otherwise
otions               options
ou                   you
oublisher            publisher
ouevre               oeuvre
oufselves            ourselves
ouitstanding         outstanding
ouptput              output
ourself              ourselves
oustanding           outstanding
outstandling         outstanding
outuput              output
overidden            overridden
overridding          overriding
overrided            overridden
overriden            overridden
overrriden           overridden
overshaddowed        overshadowed
overthere            over_there
overwelming          overwhelming
overwheliming        overwhelming
overwriten           overwritten
overwritting         overwriting
owrk                 work
owudl                would
oxigen               oxygen
oximoron             oxymoron
p0enis               penis
paches               patches
packaqe              package
packingh             packing
pageing              paging
paide                paid
paitience            patience
pakcet               packet
pakckets             packets
paket                packet
palce                place
paleolitic           paleolithic
paliamentarian       parliamentarian
pallete              palette
pamflet              pamphlet
pamplet              pamphlet
pantomine            pantomime
paralel              parallel
paralell             parallel
paralelly            parallelly
paralely             parallelly
parallely            parallelly
paramater            parameter
paramaters           parameters
parameterized        parametrized
paramters            parameters
parantheses          parentheses
paraphenalia         paraphernalia
parellels            parallels
parentlist           parents
parimary             primary
parituclar           particular
parliment            parliament
parrakeets           parakeets
parralel             parallel
parrallel            parallel
parrallell           parallel
parrallelly          parallelly
parrallely           parallelly
parsable             parseable
partialy             partially
partically           partially
particually          particularly
particualr           particular
particuarly          particularly
particularily        particularly
particulary          particularly
pary                 party
pased                passed
pasengers            passengers
passerbys            passersby
passivly             passively
pasttime             pastime
pastural             pastoral
patchs               patches
pathes               paths
paticular            particular
patological          pathological
patsh                paths
patt                 pattern
pattented            patented
pavillion            pavilion
payed                paid
pblisher             publisher
pbulisher            publisher
pcheck               check
peacefuland          peaceful_and
peageant             pageant
peculure             peculiar
pedestrain           pedestrian
peding               pending
peformed             performed
peice                piece
penatly              penalty
pendig               pending
penerator            penetrator
penisula             peninsula
penisular            peninsular
penninsula           peninsula
penninsular          peninsular
pennisula            peninsula
pensinula            peninsula
peom                 poem
peoms                poems
peopel               people
peotry               poetry
perade               parade
percepted            perceived
percieve             perceive
percieved            perceived
perenially           perennially
perferred            preferred
perfomance           performance
perfomers            performers
performa             perform
performace           performance
performence          performance
performes            performed
perfroms             performs
perhasp              perhaps
perheaps             perhaps
perhpas              perhaps
peridic              periodic
peripathetic         peripatetic
peristent            persistent
perjery              perjury
perjorative          pejorative
permanant            permanent
permenant            permanent
permenantly          permanently
permissable          permissible
perogative           prerogative
peroidic             periodic
peronal              personal
perosnality          personality
perphas              perhaps
perpindicular        perpendicular
perseverence         perseverance
persistance          persistence
persistant           persistent
persitent            persistent
personel             personnel
personell            personnel
personnell           personnel
persuded             persuaded
persue               pursue
persued              pursued
persuing             pursuing
persuit              pursuit
persuits             pursuits
perticular           particular
pertubation          perturbation
pertubations         perturbations
pessiary             pessary
petetion             petition
phantastic           fantastic
phenomenom           phenomenon
phenomenonal         phenomenal
phenomenonly         phenomenally
phenomonenon         phenomenon
phenomonon           phenomenon
phenonmena           phenomena
philisopher          philosopher
philisophical        philosophical
philisophy           philosophy
phillosophically     philosophically
philospher           philosopher
philosphies          philosophies
philosphy            philosophy
phoney               phony
phongraph            phonograph
phylosophical        philosophical
physcial             physical
physicaly            physically
piblisher            publisher
pich                 pitch
pilgrimmage          pilgrimage
pilgrimmages         pilgrimages
pinapple             pineapple
pinnaple             pineapple
pinoneered           pioneered
placehoder           placeholder
plaftorms            platforms
plagarism            plagiarism
planation            plantation
planed               planned
plantiff             plaintiff
plateu               plateau
platfom              platform
platformd            platform
platfrom             platform
plausable            plausible
playright            playwright
playwrite            playwright
playwrites           playwrights
pleace               please
pleacing             placing
pleasent             pleasant
plebicite            plebiscite
plesant              pleasant
pocessor             processor
poenis               penis
poeoples             peoples
poety                poetry
poffset              offset
pointere             pointer
pointes              pointers
poisin               poison
poiter               pointer
poitner              pointer
polical              political
polinator            pollinator
polinators           pollinators
politican            politician
politicans           politicians
poltical             political
polute               pollute
poluted              polluted
polutes              pollutes
poluting             polluting
polution             pollution
polyphonyic          polyphonic
polysaccaride        polysaccharide
polysaccharid        polysaccharide
pomegranite          pomegranate
pomotion             promotion
poportional          proportional
popoulation          population
popularaty           popularity
populare             popular
populat              populate
populer              popular
porition             portion
porper               proper
portait              portrait
portayed             portrayed
portraing            portraying
portuguease          portuguese
portugues            Portuguese
posess               possess
posessed             possessed
posesses             possesses
posessing            possessing
posession            possession
posessions           possessions
posibilities         possibilities
posiitive            positive
posion               poison
positon              position
posponed             postponed
possable             possible
possably             possibly
posseses             possesses
possesing            possessing
possesion            possession
possessess           possesses
possibile            possible
possibilty           possibility
possibily            possibly
possiblility         possibility
possiblilty          possibility
possiblities         possibilities
possition            position
posssible            possible
postcondition        precondition
posthomous           posthumous
postion              position
postition            position
postive              positive
potatos              potatoes
potentialy           potentially
potrait              portrait
potrayed             portrayed
poulations           populations
poverful             powerful
poweful              powerful
powerfull            powerful
ppublisher           publisher
practial             practical
practially           practically
practicaly           practically
practicioner         practitioner
practicioners        practitioners
practicly            practically
practioner           practitioner
practioners          practitioners
practise             practice
prairy               prairie
pramaters            parameters
prarie               prairie
praries              prairies
prases               phrases
pratice              practice
preample             preamble
preapre              prepare
precedessor          predecessor
preceed              precede
preceeded            preceded
preceeding           preceding
precendence          precedence
precentage           percentage
precice              precise
precidence           precedence
precisly             precisely
prectision           precision
precurser            precursor
predecesors          predecessors
predicatble          predictable
predicitons          predictions
predomiantly         predominately
preemtion            preemption
prefered             preferred
prefering            preferring
preferrable          preferable
preferrably          preferably
preformance          performance
pregancies           pregnancies
preiod               period
preliferation        proliferation
premeire             premiere
premeired            premiered
premillenial         premillennial
preminence           preeminence
premission           permission
preocessing          processing
preocupation         preoccupation
prepair              prepare
prepartion           preparation
prepatory            preparatory
preperation          preparation
preperations         preparations
prerequistes         prerequisites
preriod              period
preriodic            periodic
presedence           precedence
presedential         presidential
preseding            preceding
presense             presence
presidenital         presidential
presidental          presidential
presitgious          prestigious
prespective          perspective
pressent             present
prestigeous          prestigious
prestigous           prestigious
presumabely          presumably
presumibly           presumably
pretection           protection
prevelant            prevalent
preverse             perverse
previosly            previously
previvous            previous
previx               prefix
prevoius             previous
prgrammed            programmed
pricipal             principal
priciple             principle
priestood            priesthood
primarly             primarily
primative            primitive
primatively          primitively
primatives           primitives
primay               primary
primordal            primordial
principaly           principality
principial           principal
principlaity         principality
principly            principally
prinicipal           principal
prioir               prior
prioirty             priority
prioritied           prioritized
privalege            privilege
privaleges           privileges
privde               provide
priveledges          privileges
privelege            privilege
priveleged           privileged
priveleges           privileges
privelige            privilege
priveliged           privileged
priveliges           privileges
privelleges          privileges
priviate             private
privilage            privilege
priviledge           privilege
priviledges          privileges
privledge            privilege
privte               private
probabaly            probably
probabilaty          probability
probabilty           probability
probabily            probability
probablistic         probabilistic
probablities         probabilities
probablly            probably
probalibity          probability
probaly              probably
probelm              problem
proccess             process
proccessing          processing
procdure             procedure
procecsses           processes
procede              proceed
proceded             proceeded
procedes             proceeds
procedger            procedure
proceding            proceeding
procedings           proceedings
proceedure           procedure
proceeed             proceed
proces               process
procesors            processors
processer            processor
processsed           processed
processsing          processing
proclaimation        proclamation
proclamed            proclaimed
proclaming           proclaiming
proclomation         proclamation
producted            produced
profesion            profusion
profesor             professor
professer            professor
proffesed            professed
proffesion           profession
proffesional         professional
proffesor            professor
profilic             prolific
progessed            progressed
programable          programmable
programm             program
programmes           programmers
progrom              pogrom
progroms             pogroms
prohabition          prohibition
proiveds             provides
prologomena          prolegomena
prominance           prominence
prominant            prominent
prominantly          prominently
prominately          prominently
promiscous           promiscuous
promotted            promoted
promprted            prompted
pronomial            pronominal
pronouced            pronounced
pronounched          pronounced
pronounciation       pronunciation
prootected           protected
proove               prove
prooved              proved
propably             probably
propgated            propagated
prophacy             prophecy
propietary           proprietary
propmted             prompted
propoganda           propaganda
propogate            propagate
propogated           propagated
propogates           propagates
propogation          propagation
propostion           proposition
propotions           proportions
propper              proper
propperly            properly
proprietory          proprietary
proseletyzing        proselytizing
protaganist          protagonist
protaganists         protagonists
protcol              protocol
proting              porting
protocal             protocol
protoganist          protagonist
protoypes            prototypes
protrayed            portrayed
protruberance        protuberance
protruberances       protuberances
protype              prototype
prouncements         pronouncements
provacative          provocative
provded              provided
proveds              provides
provicial            provincial
provied              provided
provieds             provides
provies              provides
provinicial          provincial
provisiosn           provision
provisonal           provisional
provoding            providing
proximty             proximity
proxywidgets         tutorials
prrottypes           prototypes
pseudononymous       pseudonymous
pseudonyn            pseudonym
psuedo               pseudo
psycology            psychology
psyhic               psychic
pubilsher            publisher
pubisher             publisher
publiaher            publisher
publically           publicly
publicaly            publicly
publicher            publisher
publihser            publisher
publisehr            publisher
publiser             publisher
publisger            publisher
publisheed           published
publisherr           publisher
publishher           publisher
publishor            publisher
publishre            publisher
publissher           publisher
publlisher           publisher
publsiher            publisher
publusher            publisher
puchasing            purchasing
pulisher             publisher
pumkin               pumpkin
puplisher            publisher
pureructors          constructors
puritannical         puritanical
purposedly           purposely
purpotedly           purportedly
pursuade             persuade
pursuaded            persuaded
pursuades            persuades
pususading           persuading
puting               putting
pwoer                power
pyscic               psychic
qtuie                quite
quantaty             quantity
quantitiy            quantity
quarantaine          quarantine
quater               quarter
quering              querying
querys               queries
questonable          questionable
queus                queues
quicklyu             quickly
quicly               quickly
quieries             queries
quinessential        quintessential
quitted              quit
quizes               quizzes
quoteed              quoted
quroum               quorum
qutie                quite
rabinnical           rabbinical
racaus               raucous
radiactive           radioactive
radify               ratify
raelly               really
ramdord              ramrod
rapidily             rapidly
rarified             rarefied
rdy                  ready
reaccurring          recurring
reacing              reaching
reacll               recall
readabilty           readability
readmition           readmission
realiable            reliable
realise              realize
realised             realized
realitvely           relatively
realsitic            realistic
realtions            relations
realy                really
realyl               really
reaquiring           reacquiring
reasearch            research
rebiulding           rebuilding
rebllions            rebellions
rebounce             rebound
rebroadcasted        forwarded
reccomend            recommend
reccomendations      recommendations
reccomended          recommended
reccomending         recommending
reccommend           recommend
reccommended         recommended
reccommending        recommending
reccuring            recurring
receeded             receded
receeding            receding
receivedfrom         received_from
recented             recently
recepient            recipient
recepients           recipients
recevied             received
receving             receiving
rechargable          rechargeable
reched               reached
recide               reside
recided              resided
recident             resident
recidents            residents
reciding             residing
reciepents           recipients
reciept              receipt
recieve              receive
recieved             received
reciever             receiver
recievers            receivers
recieves             receives
recieving            receiving
recily               racily
recipiant            recipient
recipiants           recipients
recivership          receivership
reclaimation         reclamation
recogise             recognise
recogize             recognize
recognise            recognize
recognised           recognized
recognises           recognizes
recognising          recognizing
recomend             recommend
recomended           recommended
recomending          recommending
recomends            recommends
recommanded          recommended
recommedations       recommendations
recompence           recompense
reconaissance        reconnaissance
reconcilation        reconciliation
reconfiged           reconfigured
reconized            recognized
reconnaisance        reconnaissance
reconnaissence       reconnaissance
recontructed         reconstructed
recordproducer       record_producer
recory               recovery
recquired            required
recrational          recreational
recreting            recreating
recrod               record
recuiting            recruiting
recuring             recurring
recurrance           recurrence
recurrency           recurrence
recursivelly         recursively
rediculous           ridiculous
reedeming            redeeming
reenforced           reinforced
reeponse             response
reesrved             reserved
refect               reflect
refedendum           referendum
referal              referral
referece             reference
refereces            references
refered              referred
referemce            reference
referemces           references
referencea           references
referencs            references
referenece           reference
refereneced          referenced
refereneces          references
referiang            referring
refernces            references
referncing           referencing
referrence           reference
referrences          references
referrs              refers
reffer               refer
reffered             referred
refference           reference
reffering            referring
reffers              refers
refixed              prefixed
reflexion            reflection
reformating          reformatting
refrence             reference
refrences            references
refrers              refers
refridgeration       refrigeration
refridgerator        refrigerator
refromist            reformist
refued               refused
refusla              refusal
regardes             regards
regester             register
regiser              register
regist               register
registeration        registration
registerd            registered
registes             registers
registors            registers
registred            registered
regiter              register
regluar              regular
regsiters            registers
regster              register
reguarly             regularly
regulaion            regulation
regulaotrs           regulators
regulaotry           regulatory
regularily           regularly
regultor             regulator
regultors            regulators
regultory            regulatory
rehersal             rehearsal
reicarnation         reincarnation
reiceve              receive
reigining            reigning
reinitialised        reinitialized
reknown              renown
reknowned            renowned
rela                 real
relaimed             reclaimed
relaly               really
relased              released
relatiopnship        relationship
relativly            relatively
relavent             relevant
relcoation           relocation
releated             related
relected             reelected
releive              relieve
releived             relieved
releiver             reliever
relesase             release
releses              releases
relesing             releasing
relevence            relevance
relevent             relevant
reliablity           reliability
relient              reliant
religeous            religious
religous             religious
religously           religiously
relinguishing        relinquishing
relinqushment        relinquishment
relitavely           relatively
relized              realised
relpacement          replacement
remaing              remaining
remainnig            remaining
remaping             remapping
remeber              remember
remebers             remembers
rememberable         memorable
rememberance         remembrance
remembrence          remembrance
remenant             remnant
remenicent           reminiscent
remianing            remaining
reminent             remnant
reminescent          reminiscent
reminscent           reminiscent
reminsicent          reminiscent
renalyzing           reanalyzing
rendevous            rendezvous
rendezous            rendezvous
renedered            rende
renewl               renewal
rennovate            renovate
rennovated           renovated
rennovating          renovating
rennovation          renovation
rentors              renters
reoccurrence         recurrence
reocmpression        recompression
reopresenting        representing
reorganision         reorganisation
repatition           repetition
repblic              republic
repblican            republican
repblicans           republicans
repblics             republics
repectively          respectively
repeition            repetition
repentence           repentance
repentent            repentant
repesent             represent
repeteadly           repeatedly
repetion             repetition
repid                rapid
replacable           replaceable
replys               replies
reponds              responds
reponse              response
reponsible           responsible
reporing             reporting
reportadly           reportedly
reposiotory          repository
repote               remote
repreasented         represented
represantative       representative
representaiton       representation
representive         representative
representives        representatives
represnted           represented
reproducable         reproducible
reprtoire            repertoire
repsectively         respectively
reptition            repetition
repubic              republic
repubican            republican
repubicans           republicans
repubics             republics
republi              republic
republian            republican
republians           republicans
republis             republics
repulic              republic
repulican            republican
repulicans           republicans
repulics             republics
reqest               request
reqeuest             request
requeted             requested
requets              requests
requiers             requires
requies              requires
requiest             request
requirment           requirement
requred              required
requries             requires
rereasing            releasing
rerferences          references
rersource            resource
resaurant            restaurant
resembelance         resemblance
resembes             resembles
resemblence          resemblance
reser                reset
reserver             reserved
reserverd            reserved
reseta               reset
reseted              reset
resetf               reset
reseting             resetting
resettable           resetable
resevoir             reservoir
residental           residential
resignement          resignment
resistable           resistible
resistence           resistance
resistent            resistant
resoluton            resolution
resonable            reasonable
resonably            reasonably
resouce              resource
resourses            resources
respectivly          respectively
responce             response
respones             response
responibilities      responsibilities
responisble          responsible
responnsibilty       responsibility
respons              response
responsability       responsibility
responsibile         responsible
responsibilites      responsibilities
responsiblities      responsibilities
responsiblity        responsibility
resporting           reporting
respose              response
resposible           responsible
ressemblance         resemblance
ressemble            resemble
ressembled           resembled
ressemblence         resemblance
ressembling          resembling
ressources           resources
resssurecting        resurrecting
ressurect            resurrect
ressurected          resurrected
ressurection         resurrection
ressurrection        resurrection
restarant            restaurant
restarants           restaurants
restaraunt           restaurant
restaraunteur        restaurateur
restaraunteurs       restaurateurs
restaraunts          restaurants
restauranteurs       restaurateurs
restauration         restoration
restauraunt          restaurant
resteraunt           restaurant
resteraunts          restaurants
resticted            restricted
restire              restore
restraunt            restraint
restriced            restricted
resturant            restaurant
resturants           restaurants
resturaunt           restaurant
resturaunts          restaurants
resubm               resubmit
resulotion           resolution
resulution           resolution
resuorce             resource
resurecting          resurrecting
retalitated          retaliated
retalitation         retaliation
retireving           retrieving
retore               restore
retreive             retrieve
retreived            retrieved
retreving            retrieving
retrived             retrieved
retrun               return
retruns              returns
retun                return
returing             returning
returnd              returned
reulator             regulator
reundant             redundant
reuquired            required
reutrned             returned
revaluated           reevaluated
reveiw               review
reveral              reversal
reversable           reversible
revice               device
revolutionar         revolutionary
rewinded             rewound
rewitten             rewritten
rewriet              rewrite
rference             reference
rferences            references
rhymme               rhyme
rhythem              rhythm
rhythim              rhythm
rhytmic              rhythmic
rigeur               rigueur
rigth                right
rininging            ringing
rised                rose
rmeote               remote
rococco              rococo
rocord               record
roomate              roommate
rooom                room
rouding              rounding
rougly               roughly
roundin              rounding
routeines            routines
routinen             routine
routinge             routine
rsource              resource
rtelease             release
rucuperate           recuperate
rudimentatry         rudimentary
rulle                rule
rulls                rules
rumoured             rumored
runing               running
runnung              running
russina              Russian
rwite                write
rythem               rhythm
rythim               rhythm
rythm                rhythm
rythmic              rhythmic
rythyms              rhythms
sacrafice            sacrifice
sacreligious         sacrilegious
sacrifical           sacrificial
safly                safely
saftey               safety
safty                safety
salery               salary
sanctionning         sanctioning
sandwhich            sandwich
santioned            sanctioned
sargant              sergeant
sargeant             sergeant
sastisfies           satisfies
sasy                 says
satelite             satellite
satelites            satellites
satelitte            satellite
satic                static
satisfactority       satisfactorily
satisify             satisfy
satisties            satisfies
satisy               satisfy
satric               satiric
satrical             satirical
satrically           satirically
sattelite            satellite
sattelites           satellites
saught               sought
saveing              saving
saxaphone            saxophone
sbecomes             becomes
sbitmap              bitmap
scaleable            scalable
scandanavia          Scandinavia
scaned               scanned
scannig              scanning
scanrp               scan
scaricity            scarcity
scavanged            scavenged
sceme                scheme
scenerio             scenario
schdule              schedule
schedual             schedule
scholarhip           scholarship
scholarstic          scholastic
scientfic            scientific
scientifc            scientific
scientis             scientist
scince               science
scinece              science
scirpt               script
scoll                scroll
scrach               scratch
screenwrighter       screenwriter
scrutinity           scrutiny
scuptures            sculptures
seach                search
seached              searched
seaches              searches
secceeded            seceded
seceed               succeed
seceeded             succeeded
secion               section
secodnary            secondary
secoend              second
secondarys           secondaries
secratary            secretary
secretery            secretary
sectin               section
sectins              sections
sedereal             sidereal
seeem                seems
seeked               sought
seeting              setting
seetings             settings
segementation        segmentation
seguoys              segues
seige                siege
seing                seeing
seinor               senior
selction             selection
seldomly             seldom
selecor              selector
selectes             selects
selsect              select
semphore             semaphore
senarios             scenarios
sence                sense
sendign              sending
sendt                sent
senstive             sensitive
sensure              censure
sentance             sentence
separte              separate
separted             separated
seperate             separate
seperates            separates
seperating           separating
seperation           separation
seperatism           separatism
seperatist           separatist
seperators           separators
sepina               subpoena
sepulchure           sepulchre
sepulcre             sepulchre
sequcne              sequence
sequemces            sequences
sequencial           sequential
sergent              sergeant
serie                series
seriouly             seriously
serwer               server
sessoin              session
settelement          settlement
settlment            settlement
settting             setting
setttings            settings
severeal             several
severley             severely
severly              severely
sevice               service
shadasloo            shadaloo
shaddow              shadow
shadhow              shadow
shadoloo             shadaloo
shamen               shaman
shapped              shaped
shareable            sharable
sharred              shared
sheat                sheath
sheduled             scheduled
sheduling            scheduling
sheild               shield
sherif               sheriff
shineing             shining
shiped               shipped
shiping              shipping
shoadow              shadow
shoftware            software
shoing               showing
shopkeeepers         shopkeepers
shorly               shortly
shortnane            description
shortwhile           short_while
shoud                should
shoudl               should
shoudln              should
shoukld              should
shouldnt             shouldn't
shreak               shriek
shrinked             shrunk
shure                sure
siaze                size
sibilng              sibling
sicne                since
sideral              sidereal
sience               since
sieze                seize
siezed               seized
siezing              seizing
siezure              seizure
siezures             seizures
sigaled              signaled
sigificance          significance
siginificant         significant
signe                sign
signficant           significant
signficiant          significant
signfies             signifies
signifantly          significantly
significently        significantly
signifigant          significant
signifigantly        significantly
signitories          signatories
signitory            signatory
sigular              singular
similarily           similarly
similiar             similar
similiarity          similarity
similiarly           similarly
simmilar             similar
simpley              simply
simpliciaction       simplification
simplicty            simplicity
simplidied           simplified
simplier             simpler
simpliest            simplest
simulataneous        simultaneous
simultanous          simultaneous
simultanously        simultaneously
sincerley            sincerely
singal               signal
singsog              singsong
sinplify             simplify
sinse                sines
skateing             skating
skeep                skip
skript               script
slaugterhouses       slaughterhouses
slection             selection
slient               silent
slighly              slightly
slighty              slightly
sligthly             slightly
sligtly              slightly
slippy               slippery
sloley               only
slott                slot
slowy                slowly
smae                 same
smealting            smelting
smething             something
smoe                 some
smootly              smoothly
sneeks               sneaks
snese                sneeze
socalism             socialism
socities             societies
soem                 some
sofware              software
sohw                 show
soilders             soldiers
solatary             solitary
soley                solely
soliders             soldiers
soliliquy            soliloquy
soluable             soluble
solveable            solvable
somene               someone
somwhere             somewhere
soooo                so
sophicated           sophisticated
sophmore             sophomore
sopisticated         sophisticated
sorce                source
sorceror             sorcerer
sorrounding          surrounding
sotring              storing
sotry                story
sotyr                satyr
soudn                sound
soudns               sounds
sountrack            soundtrack
sourth               south
sourthern            southern
souvenier            souvenir
souveniers           souvenirs
soveits              soviets
sovereignity         sovereignty
soverign             sovereign
soverignity          sovereignty
soverignty           sovereignty
spainish             Spanish
spaning              spanning
spddplx              speed
speach               speech
specfic              specific
specficiation        specification
specialise           specialize
specialised          specialized
speciallized         specialised
specif               specific
specifc              specific
specifed             specified
specificator         specifier
specifice            specific
specificed           specified
specifing            specifying
specifiy             specify
specifiying          specifying
specifyed            specified
speciman             specimen
spectauclar          spectacular
spectaulars          spectaculars
spects               aspects
spectulatively       speculatively
spectum              spectrum
speficied            specified
speices              species
speicify             specify
spendour             splendour
spermatozoan         spermatozoon
spesial              special
spesifically         specifically
spesification        specification
splitted             split
spoace               space
sponser              sponsor
sponsered            sponsored
spontanous           spontaneous
sponzored            sponsored
spoonfulls           spoonfuls
sppeches             speeches
spreaded             spread
sprech               speech
spred                spread
spriritual           spiritual
spritual             spiritual
sqaure               square
squence              sequence
squirrelled          squirreled
sripping             stripping
stablility           stability
stainlees            stainless
staion               station
standars             standards
standrads            standards
stange               strange
stariing             starting
startegic            strategic
startegies           strategies
startegy             strategy
stast                stash
stateman             statesman
statememts           statements
statesment           statement
statis               static
statisfied           satisfied
statment             statement
statustics           statistics
staus                status
stdandard            standard
steriods             steroids
sterotypes           stereotypes
stilus               stylus
stingent             stringent
stiring              stirring
stirrs               stirs
stlye                style
stomache             stomach
stong                strong
stoped               stopped
stopry               story
storeis              stories
storise              stories
stornegst            strongest
stoyr                story
stpo                 stop
stradegies           strategies
stradegy             strategy
strat                start
stratagically        strategically
strcture             structure
streemlining         streamlining
stregth              strength
strenghen            strengthen
strenghened          strengthened
strenghening         strengthening
strenght             strength
strenghten           strengthen
strenghtened         strengthened
strenghtening        strengthening
strengtened          strengthened
strenous             strenuous
stricly              strictly
strictist            strictest
strikely             strikingly
strnad               strand
stroy                story
structore            structure
structual            structural
structur             structure
struture             structure
stubborness          stubbornness
stucture             structure
stuctured            structured
studdy               study
studing              studying
stuggling            struggling
sturcture            structure
subcatagories        subcategories
subcatagory          subcategory
subconsiously        subconsciously
subjectd             subjected
subjudgation         subjugation
subjuect             subject
submachne            submachine
submited             submitted
subpecies            subspecies
subsciber            subscriber
subsidary            subsidiary
subsiduary           subsidiary
subsiquent           subsequent
subsquent            subsequent
subsquently          subsequently
substace             substance
substancial          substantial
substatial           substantial
substituded          substituted
substract            subtract
substracted          subtracted
substracting         subtracting
substraction         subtraction
substracts           subtracts
subsytem             subsystem
subtances            substances
subterranian         subterranean
suburburban          suburban
succceeded           succeeded
succcesses           successes
succcessfully        successfully
succed               succeed
succedded            succeeded
succeded             succeeded
succeds              succeeds
succes               success
succesful            successful
succesfull           successful
succesfully          successfully
succesfuly           successfully
succesion            succession
succesive            successive
successfull          successful
successfuly          successfully
successsion          succession
successully          successfully
succsess             success
succsessfull         successful
suceed               succeed
suceeded             succeeded
suceeding            succeeding
suceeds              succeeds
sucesful             successful
sucesfully           successfully
sucesfuly            successfully
sucesion             succession
sucess               success
sucessful            successful
sucessfull           successful
sucessfully          successfully
sucessfuly           successfully
sucession            succession
sucessive            successive
sucessor             successor
sucessot             successor
sucide               suicide
sucidial             suicidal
sufferage            suffrage
sufferred            suffered
sufferring           suffering
sufficent            sufficient
sufficently          sufficiently
sumary               summary
sunglases            sunglasses
suop                 soup
superceded           superseded
superceeded          superseded
superintendant       superintendent
superseeds           supersedes
suphisticated        sophisticated
suplement            supplement
suplimented          supplemented
suport               support
suported             supported
suports              supports
supose               suppose
suposed              supposed
suposedly            supposedly
suposes              supposes
suposing             supposing
supplamented         supplemented
suppliementing       supplementing
supplyed             supplied
suppoed              supposed
supportd             supported
supposingly          supposedly
suppoted             supported
suppotrs             supports
suppport             support
suppported           supported
suppporting          supporting
suppy                supply
supress              suppress
supressed            suppressed
supresses            suppresses
supressing           suppressing
supression           suppression
suprise              surprise
suprised             surprised
suprising            surprising
suprisingly          surprisingly
suprize              surprise
suprized             surprised
suprizing            surprising
suprizingly          surprisingly
sur                  sure
surfce               surface
surley               surly
suround              surround
surounded            surrounded
surounding           surrounding
suroundings          surroundings
surounds             surrounds
surplanted           supplanted
surpress             suppress
surpressed           suppressed
surprize             surprise
surprized            surprised
surprizing           surprising
surprizingly         surprisingly
surrended            surrounded
surrepetitious       surreptitious
surrepetitiously     surreptitiously
surreptious          surreptitious
surreptiously        surreptitiously
surronded            surrounded
surrouded            surrounded
surrouding           surrounding
surrundering         surrendering
surveilence          surveillance
surveill             surveil
surveyer             surveyor
surviver             survivor
survivers            survivors
survivied            survived
susbsystem           subsystem
suseptable           susceptible
suseptible           susceptible
suspention           suspension
swaer                swear
swaers               swears
swepth               swept
swiching             switching
swiming              swimming
switcg               switch
swith                switch
swithced             switched
swithces             switches
swithcing            switching
swithed              switched
swithing             switching
swtich               switch
syas                 says
symetric             symmetric
symetrical           symmetrical
symetrically         symmetrically
symetry              symmetry
symettric            symmetric
symmetic             symmetric
symmetral            symmetric
symmetricaly         symmetrically
synagouge            synagogue
synch                sync
synching             syncing
synchonization       synchronization
synchronizarion      synchronization
synchroously         synchronously
syncronization       synchronization
syncronize           synchronize
syncronizes          synchronizes
syncronous           synchronous
syndrom              syndrome
synonomous           synonymous
synonymns            synonyms
synoym               synonym
synphony             symphony
syntaces             syntaxes
synthetize           synthesize
synthetizes          synthesizes
syphyllis            syphilis
sypmtoms             symptoms
syrap                syrup
sysclasses           subsystems
sysmatically         systematically
systme               system
sytem                system
sytle                style
tabacco              tobacco
tahn                 than
taht                 that
tain                 taint
tak                  take
taks                 take
talbe                table
talekd               talked
tansfer              transfer
tansitional          transitional
targest              targets
targetted            targeted
targetting           targeting
tartget              target
tast                 taste
tath                 that
tattooes             tattoos
taxanomic            taxonomic
taxanomy             taxonomy
teached              taught
techician            technician
techicians           technicians
techinically         technically
techiniques          techniques
technitian           technician
techniuqes           techniques
technnology          technology
technolgy            technology
teh                  the
tehy                 they
telelevision         television
televsion            television
telphony             telephony
temerature           temperature
teminate             terminate
tempalte             template
tempaltes            templates
temparate            temperate
temperarily          temporarily
temperment           temperament
tempertaure          temperature
temperture           temperature
temporarly           temporarily
temporay             temporary
temportary           temporary
tempory              temporary
temprary             temporary
temprature           temperature
tempurature          temperature
tenacle              tentacle
tenacles             tentacles
tendacy              tendency
tendancies           tendencies
tendancy             tendency
tennisplayer         tennis_player
tepmorarily          temporarily
tepmplates           templates
terminaison          termination
termindate           terminate
terrestial           terrestrial
terriories           territories
terriory             territory
territorist          terrorist
territoy             territory
terroist             terrorist
testeing             testing
testiclular          testicular
texure               texture
tghe                 the
tha                  the
thant                than
thast                that
theather             theater
theck                check
theese               these
thei                 the
theif                thief
theirbranch          their_branch
theives              thieves
themselfs            themselves
themselvs            themselves
themslves            themselves
ther                 there
therafter            thereafter
therby               thereby
therfore             therefore
theri                their
theshold             threshold
thet                 that
theur                their
theyre               they're
thgat                that
thge                 the
thier                their
thign                thing
thigns               things
thigsn               things
thikn                think
thikning             thinking
thikns               thinks
thisw                this
thiunk               think
thn                  then
thna                 than
thne                 then
thnig                thing
thnigs               things
thos                 those
thoughout            throughout
thougth              thought
thounsands           thousands
threashold           threshold
threatend            threatened
threatning           threatening
threee               three
threhold             threshold
threshhold           threshold
threshol             threshold
thresold             threshold
thrid                third
throrough            thorough
throughly            thoroughly
througout            throughout
throuhg              through
thru                 through
thsi                 this
thsoe                those
thta                 that
thyat                that
tiem                 time
tihkn                think
tihs                 this
timage               image
timeo                control
timne                time
tiome                time
tje                  the
tjhe                 the
tjpanishad           upanishad
tkae                 take
tkaes                takes
tkaing               taking
tlaking              talking
toally               totally
toatl                total
tobbaco              tobacco
todays               today's
todya                today
toghether            together
togles               toggles
toke                 took
tolerence            tolerance
tomatos              tomatoes
tommorow             tomorrow
tommorrow            tomorrow
tongiht              tonight
toriodal             toroidal
tormenters           tormentors
tornadoe             tornado
torpeados            torpedoes
torpedos             torpedoes
torwards             towards
tothe                to_the
toubles              troubles
touchsreen           touchscreen
tounge               tongue
tourch               torch
towords              towards
towrad               toward
tpoic                topic
tradionally          traditionally
traditilnal          traditional
traditionaly         traditionally
traditionnal         traditional
traditition          tradition
traditonal           traditional
tradtionally         traditionally
trafficed            trafficked
trafficing           trafficking
trafic               traffic
tramsinssion         transmission
tranceiver           transceiver
trancendent          transcendent
trancending          transcending
tranfer              transfer
tranform             transform
tranformed           transformed
tranlation           translation
tranmission          transmission
tranmitted           transmitted
transcendance        transcendence
transcendant         transcendent
transcendentational  transcendental
transciever          transceiver
transcripting        transcribing
transending          transcending
transesxuals         transsexuals
transfered           transferred
transfering          transferring
transformaton        transformation
transfrom            transform
transistion          transition
transiton            transition
translater           translator
translaters          translators
transmissable        transmissible
transmited           transmitted
transmition          transmission
transmmit            transmit
transparant          transparent
transporation        transportation
transtion            transition
trasaction           transaction
trasfer              transfer
trasformation        transformation
trasmitted           transmitted
trasnaction          transaction
trasnforms           transforms
trayed               strayed
tremelo              tremolo
tremelos             tremolos
triger               trigger
trigged              triggered
triguered            triggered
triology             trilogy
trivialy             trivially
troling              trolling
troup                troupe
troups               troupes
trucate              truncate
truelly              truly
truely               truly
truncature           truncation
truncted             truncated
trustworthyness      trustworthiness
trye                 true
tryed                tried
tryied               tried
trys                 tries
tsoh                 header
tthem                them
turboe               turbo
turncated            truncated
turnk                turnkey
turs                 turns
tust                 trust
twelth               twelfth
twize                twice
twon                 town
twpo                 two
tyhat                that
tyhe                 they
typcial              typical
typic                topic
typicaly             typically
typoes               typos
tyranies             tyrannies
tyrany               tyranny
tyrranies            tyrannies
tyrrany              tyranny
ubiquitious          ubiquitous
ublisher             publisher
udpated              updated
ue                   use
uggly                ugly
uise                 use
uless                unless
ultimely             ultimately
ultimost             utmost
umconsistent         inconsistent
unacompanied         unaccompanied
unahppy              unhappy
unambigous           unambiguous
unanymous            unanimous
unathorised          unauthorised
unavailible          unavailable
unballance           unbalance
unbeknowst           unbeknownst
unbeleivable         unbelievable
uncertainity         uncertainty
unchallengable       unchallengeable
unchangable          unchangeable
uncommited           uncommitted
uncompetive          uncompetitive
unconcious           unconscious
unconciousness       unconsciousness
unconfortability     discomfort
uncongested          unblocked
uncontitutional      unconstitutional
unconvential         unconventional
undecideable         undecidable
undeflow             underflow
understoon           understood
undesireable         undesirable
undetecable          undetectable
undoubtely           undoubtedly
undreground          underground
uneccesary           unnecessary
unecessary           unnecessary
unequalities         inequalities
unequality           inequality
unexcpected          unexpected
unferflow            underflow
unforetunately       unfortunately
unforgetable         unforgettable
unforgiveable        unforgivable
unfortunatley        unfortunately
unfortunatly         unfortunately
unfourtunately       unfortunately
ungent               urgent
unihabited           uninhabited
unilateraly          unilaterally
unilatreal           unilateral
unilatreally         unilaterally
uninitialised        uninitialized
uninterruped         uninterrupted
unintersting         uninteresting
uninterupted         uninterrupted
unitialized          uninitialized
univeral             universal
univeristies         universities
univeristy           university
univerity            university
universtiy           university
univesities          universities
univesity            university
unknonwn             unknown
unknow               unknown
unkown               unknown
unlcoked             unlocked
unlikey              unlikely
unlimted             unlimited
unmanouverable       unmaneuverable
unmistakeably        unmistakably
unneccesarily        unnecessarily
unneccesary          unnecessary
unneccessarily       unnecessarily
unneccessary         unnecessary
unnecesarily         unnecessarily
unnecesary           unnecessary
unnecessarty         unnecessary
unnecssary           unnecessary
unnreliable          unreliable
unoffical            unofficial
unoperational        nonoperational
unoticeable          unnoticeable
unplease             displease
unplesant            unpleasant
unprecendented       unprecedented
unprecidented        unprecedented
unreacahble          unreachable
unrecocnized         unrecognized
unrepentent          unrepentant
unrepetant           unrepentant
unrepetent           unrepentant
unsed                used
unsubstanciated      unsubstantiated
unsuccesful          unsuccessful
unsuccesfully        unsuccessfully
unsuccessfull        unsuccessful
unsucesful           unsuccessful
unsucesfuly          unsuccessfully
unsucessful          unsuccessful
unsucessfull         unsuccessful
unsucessfully        unsuccessfully
unsucsessful         unsuccessful
unsuportable         unsupportable
unsuported           unsupported
unsuprised           unsurprised
unsuprising          unsurprising
unsuprisingly        unsurprisingly
unsuprized           unsurprised
unsuprizing          unsurprising
unsuprizingly        unsurprisingly
unsurprized          unsurprised
unsurprizing         unsurprising
unsurprizingly       unsurprisingly
untill               until
untranslateable      untranslatable
unuseable            unusable
unusuable            unusable
unusued              unused
unviersity           university
unwarrented          unwarranted
unweildly            unwieldy
unwieldly            unwieldy
unwrritten           unwritten
upating              updating
upcomming            upcoming
updaing              updating
updateing            updating
upgradded            upgraded
upsteam              upstream
upsteram             upstream
upto                 up_to
uqery                query
usally               usually
useage               usage
usefull              useful
usefuly              usefully
useing               using
usere                user
usese                uses
usize                size
usuallly             usually
usualy               usually
usuasl               usual
ususally             usually
utilised             utilized
utilties             utilities
uto                  to
vaccum               vacuum
vaccume              vacuum
vacinity             vicinity
vaguaries            vagaries
vaiables             variables
vaieties             varieties
vaild                valid
vailidty             validity
vaious               various
valetta              valletta
valididy             validity
valuble              valuable
valueable            valuable
valuemap             dict
varations            variations
varient              variant
variey               variety
varing               varying
varities             varieties
varity               variety
vartical             vertical
vasall               vassal
vasalls              vassals
vaues                values
vedio                video
vegatarian           vegetarian
vegitable            vegetable
vegitables           vegetables
vegtable             vegetable
vehicule             vehicle
vell                 well
venemous             venomous
vengance             vengeance
vengence             vengeance
verfication          verification
verifys              verifies
verison              version
verisons             versions
vermillion           vermilion
versitilaty          versatility
versitlity           versatility
vertification        verification
vetween              between
veyr                 very
vigeur               vigueur
vigilence            vigilance
vigourous            vigorous
villian              villain
villification        vilification
villify              vilify
villin               villi
vincinity            vicinity
violentce            violence
virtaul              virtual
virtualy             virtually
virtural             virtual
virual               virtual
virutal              virtual
virutally            virtually
visable              visible
visably              visibly
visting              visiting
vistors              visitors
vitories             victories
vitual               virtual
vlaues               values
volatage             voltage
volcanoe             volcano
voleyball            volleyball
volontary            voluntary
volonteer            volunteer
volonteered          volunteered
volonteering         volunteering
volonteers           volunteers
volounteer           volunteer
volounteered         volunteered
volounteering        volunteering
volounteers          volunteers
volumne              volume
vreity               variety
vrey                 very
vriety               variety
vulnerabilites       vulnerabilities
vulnerablility       vulnerability
vyer                 very
vyre                 very
waht                 what
wailt                wait
wanna                want_to
warantee             warranty
wardobe              wardrobe
warlking             walking
warrent              warrant
warrriors            warriors
wasnt                wasn't
wass                 was
watchog              watchdog
wating               waiting
watn                 want
wayword              wayward
wcount               written
weaponary            weaponry
weas                 was
webbrowser           twitter
wehn                 when
weild                wield
weilded              wielded
wellformed           well_formed
wendsay              Wednesday
wensday              Wednesday
wereabouts           whereabouts
wether               whether
whant                want
whants               wants
whcih                which
whehter              whether
whem                 when
wheras               whereas
wherease             whereas
whereever            wherever
whetehr              whether
wheter               whether
whic                 which
whicg                which
whihc                which
whith                with
whitout              without
whlch                which
whn                  when
wholey               wholly
wholy                wholly
whta                 what
whther               whether
wich                 which
widesread            widespread
wief                 wife
wierd                weird
wiew                 view
wih                  with
wihin                within
wiht                 with
wilh                 will
wille                will
willingless          willingness
willk                will
willl                will
wirte                write
wirting              writing
witdh                width
withdrawl            withdrawal
witheld              withheld
withh                with
withing              within
withold              withhold
withou               without
withough             without
witht                with
withtin              within
witn                 with
wiull                will
wnat                 want
wnated               wanted
wnats                wants
wohle                whole
wokr                 work
wokring              working
wonderfull           wonderful
wordlwide            worldwide
workststion          workstation
worls                world
worstened            worsened
woudl                would
wresters             wrestlers
wriet                write
writen               written
writtin              written
writting             writing
writtten             written
wroet                wrote
wrok                 work
wroking              working
wrtite               write
wtih                 with
wupport              support
xenophoby            xenophobia
xoffset              offset
yaching              yachting
yaer                 year
yaerly               yearly
yaers                years
yatch                yacht
yearm                year
yeasr                years
yeild                yield
yeilding             yielding
yera                 year
yeras                years
yersa                years
yesyes               yes
yoru                 your
yotube               youtube
youseff              yousef
youself              yourself
yout                 you
yrea                 year
ytou                 you
yuo                  you
zeebra               zebra
zeo                  zero
zeronig zeroing
